
From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Tuesday, January 04, 1983 04:19 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Larry Goins; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Dear Malcolm,

Congratulations on hitting your personal milestone, my friend! I'm thrilled for you that you're feeling inspired and motivated after your trip to Germany. That's fantastic news!

I have to admit, I'm a little jealous of all the exciting things you're doing lately. But in a good way, of course! You're making me want to get out there and tackle my own projects too.

Speaking of which, I've been thinking about setting some personal milestones for myself. It's funny how sometimes it takes seeing someone else do something amazing to make us realize we can do the same.

I'd love to catch up with you soon and swap stories about our respective journeys at Cardiff Electric. Let me know when you're free, and we can grab lunch or coffee.



From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Tuesday, January 04, 1983 04:19 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Hi Malcolm,

I'm feeling like an alienated programmer over here. Congrats on hitting your personal milestone, but let's not get too caught up in celebrating just yet. We've got more pressing matters to attend to.

I recently realized that my own personal milestones are getting farther away from me than I thought they would be. It's like trying to debug a code without any clear instructions - it's frustrating and makes you question your entire existence.

Speaking of which, I had the most bizarre dream last night where I was stuck in an endless loop of debugging errors. It got so bad that I started questioning my own sanity. I'm not sure if it's just a manifestation of my alienation or what, but I think I need to re-evaluate my priorities and goals.

Anyway, catch you on the flip side when I'm feeling less like an extraterrestrial trying to find its way back home.



From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Tuesday, January 04, 1983 04:19 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Barry Shields; Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Dear Yo-Yo,

Congratulations on hitting your one-year anniversary at Cardiff Electric! I'm thrilled to hear that you're feeling debugged and ready to take on new challenges. One year is a huge milestone, especially in an industry as fast-paced and competitive as ours.

I have to admit, I'm a little jealous. You're doing great things over there, and I'm happy to see my friend succeeding. But don't get too comfortable - I'm coming for you with my own set of skills and experiences!

Speaking of which, I've been thinking about some personal milestones I want to hit in the next year. I recently got back from a trip to Germany, where I met some amazing people and learned a ton about the latest advancements in computer technology. It's got me feeling inspired and motivated to take on new projects.

I'd love to catch up with you soon and swap stories about our respective journeys at Cardiff Electric. Let me know when you're free, and we can grab lunch or coffee.

Very truly yours,

Malcolm Levitan
+1 512-555-0182
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Tuesday, January 04, 1983 04:19 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Barry Shields; Malcolm Levitan; Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Personal Milestone

Subject:    Milestone Madness


Hello Ed, Barry, Malcolm, Larry, and Debbie,

I've got a confession to make - I'm feeling like a byte of code that just got debugged! That's right, folks, I hit my one-year anniversary at Cardiff Electric today. It feels like just yesterday I was sipping coffee and wondering if I'd made the right choice leaving Wales (again).

Now I know what you're thinking: "Yo-Yo, what's the big deal about working at a PC board manufacturer?" Well, let me tell you - it's not just about the circuit boards (although those are pretty sweet too). It's about being part of a team that's pushing the boundaries of what's possible.

So here's to many more bytes, bits, and borks (that's "bug fixes" for the uninitiated) ahead!

Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0142

