
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Tuesday, January 04, 1983 03:12 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Donna Clark

Categories:    Compliance

Hi Ed,
I'm not going to sugarcoat it - I'm feeling frustrated about this compliance stuff. It feels like we're just checking boxes and not actually understanding what any of it means. You're right, it does sound negative, but when you're in the midst of all these other things going on in your life, it's hard to get excited about procedures.

I appreciate Donna's effort to review our policies, but I'm worried we're getting bogged down in details and losing sight of the bigger picture. Can we talk more about what this means for Cardiff Electric as a whole? What kind of impact will it have on our daily operations?

Look, I get that compliance is important, but can't we just focus on selling some damn computers already? Is that too much to ask?

Very truly yours,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric
Sales
+1 512-555-0179


From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Tuesday, January 04, 1983 03:12 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Debbie Malinowski; Donna Clark

Categories:    Compliance

Dear Donna,

I'm not sure how to process all of this compliance business. It feels like we're just trying to check boxes and not actually understanding what any of it means. I know that sounds negative, but it's hard for me to get excited about procedures when there are so many other things going on in my life.

I appreciate the effort you've put into reviewing our policies, but I'm worried that we're getting bogged down in details and losing sight of the bigger picture. Can we talk more about what this means for Cardiff Electric as a whole? What kind of impact will it have on our daily operations?



From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Tuesday, January 04, 1983 03:12 PM
To:      Ed Burris; John Bosworth; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Compliance

Subject: Compliance Procedures Update

Dear Ed, John, and Debbie,

EMAIL BODY

I am excited to share with you an update on our compliance procedures. As we continue to grow and expand our operations, it's essential that we maintain a strong focus on regulatory adherence. I have been working closely with our legal team to review and refine our existing policies, and I am pleased to report significant progress.

The updated procedures will ensure we are well-positioned to meet the increasing demands of industry regulations. I believe this update will not only mitigate risk but also enhance our overall efficiency.

I would like to schedule a meeting to discuss the details and answer any questions you may have. Please let me know your availability, and I will send over a proposed date and time.

