
From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Monday, January 10, 1983 01:15 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Ed Burris; Gordon Clark; John Bosworth

Categories:    Meeting Request

Hi John,

I'm thrilled to receive an invitation to meet and discuss the sales strategy. You know I've got a few ideas brewing, and I think this meeting could be just the spark we need to get things moving again. I love how you're framing it as a chance for us to put aside our differences and focus on what really matters – Cardiff Electric's future.

I must say, though, that I'm a bit intrigued by Joe's new ideas. As someone who's been around the block a few times, I think we could all benefit from hearing them out. And who knows? Maybe they'll be just the thing to get us back on track.

Looking forward to the meeting and seeing what kind of magic we can create together!



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Monday, January 10, 1983 01:15 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Ed Burris; Gordon Clark; Barry Shields; John Bosworth

Categories:    Meeting Request

Hi John,

I'm not sure what's more embarrassing, that you're calling a meeting to "get us back on track" or that you think my new ideas are worth hashing out. Look, I've got some thoughts, but they're not going to magically fix everything overnight.

You want to talk about the sales strategy? Fine. But let's be real, John. You know as well as I do that our biggest problem is those godawful calculators you guys are peddling. They're a joke. People don't need them, and they won't buy them at any price.

I'll be there for the meeting, but don't expect me to put aside my differences or anything else. This is about fixing what's broken, not pretending like everything is hunky-dory.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager, Cardiff Electric, Product Management


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Monday, January 10, 1983 01:15 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Ed Burris; Gordon Clark; Joe MacMillan; Barry Shields

Categories: Meeting Request

Subject: Meeting Request


Dear team,

Listen, I know things have been a little rocky lately. But I'm calling a meeting to get us back on track. We need to discuss our sales strategy and how we're going to make this quarter count. Joe's got some new ideas that I think could work, but we need to hash it out and figure out how to execute.

I know there's been some... tension between us lately, but I'm asking you all to put aside your differences for an hour and focus on what really matters: Cardiff Electric's future. Let's make this a meeting to remember.

Best,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales, Cardiff Electric, Sales
+1 512-555-0179