
From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Tuesday, January 11, 1983 03:33 PM
To:      Barry Shields

Categories:    Condolences

Dear Ed,

Listen, I know we don't always see eye-to-eye, but when it comes to matters of the heart, even a cynic like yourself has to admit that sometimes you just gotta put on your big boy pants and show some compassion. [Name] might not have been the most popular guy in the room, but he was still a human being who left behind people who loved him.

Now, I'm not saying we should all break out into renditions of "Kum Ba Yah" or anything, but maybe, just maybe, we can spare a moment to acknowledge that [Name] might have been more than just some nobody Ed Burris decided wasn't worth his time. You never know when you're gonna need someone to be on the other end of the line, willing to listen and offer a helping hand.

So here's what I'm saying: even if we can't pretend to be best buddies or anything, maybe we can just show up for each other when it counts. That's all I'm asking.



From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Tuesday, January 11, 1983 03:33 PM
To:      Barry Shields

Categories:    Condolences

Hi Barry,

I don't know why you're bothering me with all this sappy crap. [Name] was a nobody who nobody cared about except maybe his family, and they didn't even like him that much. You're just trying to pretend like you care because it's what people are supposed to do when someone dies.

Look, I appreciate the offer of support and all, but honestly, Barry, this is just too much drama for me right now. Can we just drop it?

Very truly yours,
Ed Burris
+1 512-555-0155
Project Manager
Cardiff Electric | Project Management


From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Tuesday, January 11, 1983 03:33 PM
To:      Ed Burris

Categories: Condolences

Subject:    Condolences on Recent Loss

Dear Ed,

It is with great solemnity that I take up my digital pen to express my deepest sympathies upon learning of the recent passing of [Name]. As an officer of the Legal department at Cardiff Electric, it falls to me to extend our company's condolences for this tragic event.

Please be assured that we stand in solidarity with you during this trying time. Our thoughts are with you and your loved ones as you navigate the days ahead.

In a professional capacity, I would like to informally note that all necessary protocols have been initiated to facilitate any necessary arrangements or notifications. If there is anything Cardiff Electric can do to support you further, please do not hesitate to reach out.

Sincerely,

Barry Shields
Senior Counsel
+1 512-555-0166
Cardiff Electric | Legal Department

