
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Friday, January 14, 1983 12:44 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Invitation

Dear Malcolm,

I love your enthusiasm! It's infectious and exactly what we need around here. I'm thrilled to hear that my passion has rubbed off on you.

Let's grab lunch next week, and I'll send over some dates and times that work for me. But in the meantime, let me give you a little taste of what we're working on at Cardiff Electric. We're not just building a product; we're changing the game. And I think your skills would be a perfect fit.

I'm not looking for someone to just ride along with my big plans, Malcolm. I need partners who are willing to take calculated risks and push the boundaries of what's possible. That's where you come in.

Let's talk more about this at lunch. I'm really excited to see how we can work together to make some magic happen.



From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Friday, January 14, 1983 12:44 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Invitation

Hi Joe,

I'm not sure what kind of game-changing plans you're talking about, but I've been stuck in a rut lately. Losing my edge, if you will. Your enthusiasm is infectious, though, and it makes me want to be a part of something new.

However, I need some time to figure out how I fit into this revolution of yours. I'm not sure I'm ready to commit just yet. Maybe we can grab lunch, but instead of discussing your big plans, let's talk about what you're looking for in a team member. What are the expectations? The responsibilities? How will my skills be utilized?

I want to make sure I'm not just along for the ride; I need to know that I'll have a meaningful role.

Very truly yours,
Malcolm Levitan
Programmer, Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0182


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Friday, January 14, 1983 12:44 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Invitation

Subject: Invitation to Join the Cardiff Electric Team


Malcolm,

Let's change the game. We're building something revolutionary at Cardiff Electric, and I want you to be a part of it. Your expertise would be invaluable in shaping the future of our company.

I've got big plans, Malcolm. Plans that will make us leaders in this industry. And I know we can count on each other to make it happen.

Let's grab lunch next week and discuss further. I'll send over some dates and times, but for now, let's just say I'm excited about the possibilities.


Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager, Product Management
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0132
