
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Monday, January 17, 1983 04:55 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Barry Shields; Gordon Clark; John Bosworth

Categories:    Apology

Hi Joe,

I appreciate your honesty, but to be honest, my apology was genuine. I know we've had some tough times lately, and I'm not proud of the setbacks we've faced. But as you said, we are all in this together, and I'm committed to supporting each other through the ups and downs.

You're right, though - we can't just sugarcoat things or get too caught up in the feel-good vibes. We need to be sharp, ruthless, and willing to take calculated risks if that's what it takes to bring in those deals. And I agree with you that we need to focus on the opportunities ahead.

I'm trying not to get too anxious about it all, but it's hard when things don't go according to plan. Still, I believe in our team and our ability to bounce back from adversity. We'll just have to keep pushing forward and supporting each other every step of the way.

Very truly yours,


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Monday, January 17, 1983 04:55 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Barry Shields; Gordon Clark; John Bosworth

Categories:    Apology

Hi John,

Listen, I gotta give it to ya. Your apology is appreciated, but let's not sugarcoat things here. We're in the business of making deals happen, and when we don't, it's not just about "regrouping" or "refocusing". It's about getting our collective backsides out there and making some magic happen.

I'm with you on looking ahead to those exciting opportunities, but let's not get too caught up in the feel-good vibes. We need to be sharp, we need to be ruthless, and we need to be willing to take calculated risks if that's what it takes to bring in those deals.

You're right about one thing though - we are all in this together. And I'm committed to making sure we come out on top.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager, Cardiff Electric | Product Management


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Monday, January 17, 1983 04:55 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Ed Burris; Barry Shields; Gordon Clark

Categories: Apology

Subject:    Apology and Next Steps

Dear All,

Let's get down to business. I know we've had some tough times lately, but I want to assure you that we're moving forward as a team. Our recent setbacks have given us a chance to regroup and refocus on what matters most - bringing in those deals.

I wanted to take a moment to apologize for any frustration or uncertainty that's arisen. We're all in this together, and I'm committed to supporting each of you every step of the way.

Looking ahead, we've got some exciting opportunities on the horizon. Let's make sure we're ready to capitalize on them by staying sharp and working together seamlessly.

Best,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric | Sales
+1 512-555-0179
