
From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Wednesday, January 26, 1983 09:51 AM
To:      Gordon Clark

Categories:    Congratulations

Dear Gordon,

Congratulations. Yeah, that's all I can muster up at the moment. It's just...I don't know, man. When something like this happens, it makes me feel like I'm stuck in some kind of never-ending loop. You know what I mean? Like, we're making progress, but are we really moving forward? Or are we just spinning our wheels?

I mean, a 286-based PC is no joke, Gordon. That's huge. And I'm glad you're excited and all that jazz, but sometimes it feels like we're so caught up in the hype that we forget what's really important. Like, have we even stopped to think about the human cost of all this innovation? The people who are going to be displaced because our new system makes their jobs obsolete?

Sorry, Gordon. I know you didn't want to hear any of this. You just wanted to celebrate and pat yourself on the back for a job well done. And I'm glad you did that. Just...don't forget about the rest of us, okay? We're stuck in the trenches while you guys are out there making history.

Very truly yours,
Barry Shields
+1 512-555-0166
Senior Counsel, Cardiff Electric Legal




From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Wednesday, January 26, 1983 09:51 AM
To:      Barry Shields

Categories: Congratulations

Subject:    A Breakthrough in the Works

Dear Barry,

I am compelled to express my enthusiasm and excitement regarding the recent breakthroughs we've achieved in the development of our new 286-based PC. The sheer magnitude of this accomplishment has left me reeling, and I feel it imperative to share my thoughts with you.

The implications are profound; we're not just talking about a minor incremental improvement – no, this is a game-changer. Our system's processing power, coupled with the innovative architecture, will undoubtedly leave our competitors in the dust. It's a watershed moment for Cardiff Electric, and I'm honored to be at the forefront of it.

Gordon Clark
+1 512-555-0198
Chief Engineer, Engineering Department
Cardiff Electric

