
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Thursday, January 27, 1983 04:27 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Cameron Howe; Donna Clark; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Compliance

Hi Malcolm,

I don't know what to say. Just thinking about compliance audits and coding standards makes me feel... vulnerable, like I'm stuck in a maze with no way out. But, I guess that's why they pay you the big bucks, right?

Look, I get it. We need to fix our exception handling. I'll take another look at the code and see what we can do. But can we please make sure it's not just some quick-fix solution? I don't want us to be like those people who just slap a Band-Aid on the problem without really understanding what's going on.

I mean, have you seen our logging mechanisms lately? It's like trying to read a foreign language. We need to make sure that whatever we do is transparent and doesn't create more problems down the line.

So, yeah, I'll take another look at it. But can we please make it count?

Very truly yours,

Yo-Yo Engberk
+1 512-555-0142
Programmer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development


From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Thursday, January 27, 1983 04:27 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Cameron Howe; Yo-Yo Engberk; Donna Clark

Categories: Compliance

Subject: Compliance Audits and Coding Standards


Dear Joe, Cameron, Yo-Yo, and Donna,

I've been reviewing our coding standards and noticed some discrepancies in our compliance audits. Specifically, I found that we're not adhering to the guidelines for error handling in our exception blocks. This is causing inconsistencies in our logging mechanisms. 

To resolve this, I recommend implementing a try-catch block with a custom exception handler. Here's an example of what the code could look like:

```
try {
    // Code that might throw an exception
} catch (CustomException e) {
    // Handle the exception and log it accordingly
}
```

Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns about this proposal.

Best regards,

Malcolm Levitan
Programmer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development
+1 512-555-0182

