
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Friday, January 28, 1983 10:38 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Office Relocation

Hi Debbie,

I'm not gonna lie, when I first heard about the office relocation, my heart skipped a beat. Change can be scary, but if we're talking about upgrading our workspace and getting more collaborative, count me in! I'm all for it.

I've been thinking about how this will affect our workflow and morale around here. I think it's a great opportunity to get everyone excited and motivated (which I am, by the way). It'll be interesting to see how things shake out once we're settled into the new space.

Looking forward to getting more details from you soon!

Very truly yours,
Ed Burris
+1 512-555-0155
Project Manager
Cardiff Electric
Project Management


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Friday, January 28, 1983 10:38 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Ed Burris; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Office Relocation

Dear Debbie,

What's going on? You're really moving the office? That's some crazy talk, Debbie. What's wrong with where we are now? It's not like we're stuck in a rut or anything.

I mean, I'm all for change and progress, but this feels like one of those "if it ain't broke don't fix it" situations. Can you tell me what's really going on here? Are we trying to get away from something or someone?

Please enlighten me, Debbie. I'm curious and a little suspicious.



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Friday, January 28, 1983 10:38 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Yo-Yo Engberk; Ed Burris

Categories: Office Relocation

Subject:    Office Relocation


Hi John, Yo-Yo, Ed,

I'm thrilled to share that we're making some exciting changes around here - we're moving offices! It's time for us to upgrade our workspace and get more collaborative. I've been working closely with the team to ensure a seamless transition.

To make things run smoothly, I'll be sending out a detailed relocation plan soon. In the meantime, please keep an eye on your email for updates and feel free to reach out if you have any questions or concerns.

I'm really looking forward to this new chapter in our Cardiff Electric journey!

Best,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary
Administration
Cardiff Electric
