
From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Monday, January 31, 1983 02:41 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Joe MacMillan; Cameron Howe; Ed Burris; Barry Shields

Categories:    Training and Development

Hi Barry,

I'm not sure what kind of "mandatory workshops and seminars" you're talking about, but I'm guessing they're just a bunch of pointless meetings where people pretend to learn something. Look, I've been around the block a few times, I know how this works. You're trying to get people to participate in some half-baked training program so that Cardiff Electric can look good on paper.

Let me tell you something, Barry. People don't need training and development programs. What they need is autonomy, freedom to make their own decisions, and a chance to prove themselves. But instead of giving them that, you're trying to babysit them with useless seminars and workshops.

As Chief Engineer at Cardiff Electric, I know what it takes to get things done. It's not about attending some pointless meeting or workshop. It's about having the freedom to create, innovate, and take risks. And if people aren't willing to put in the effort to make that happen, then maybe they shouldn't be working here.

So, no, Barry, I won't be providing proof of attendance for any of these training sessions. In fact, I'll be telling my team to ignore them altogether. You can take your "training and development program" and shove it where the sun doesn't shine.

Very truly yours,

Gordon Clark
+1 512-555-0198
Chief Engineer, Cardiff Electric, Engineerin

From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Monday, January 31, 1983 02:41 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Larry Goins; Joe MacMillan; Cameron Howe; Ed Burris

Categories: Training and Development

Subject:    Training and Development Program Update


Dear Gordon, Larry, Joe, Cameron, and Ed,

I am compelled to express my utmost concern regarding the recent lack of compliance with our training and development program. As Senior Counsel in the Legal department, it is my duty to ensure that all employees are adequately trained to meet the evolving needs of Cardiff Electric.

Unfortunately, I have observed a disturbing trend of non-participation in mandatory workshops and seminars. This not only puts individual employees at risk but also jeopardizes the company's overall performance and competitiveness. I implore each of you to take immediate action to rectify this situation.

I expect all employees to provide proof of attendance by the end of the quarter. Failure to comply will result in formal disciplinary measures being initiated.

Sincerely,

Barry Shields
Senior Counsel, Cardiff Electric, Legal Department
+1 512-555-0166

