
From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Wednesday, February 02, 1983 11:33 AM
To:      Donna Clark; Gordon Clark; Cameron Howe; John Bosworth

Categories:    Contract Negotiation

Dear John,

You know what gets my goat? It's when people like you, who are supposed to be leaders, start throwing around empty rhetoric about "teamwork" and "commitment." You're not fooling anyone with your holier-than-thou attitude. I've seen the way you look at me sometimes, John. Like you're sizing me up for something.

Let's get real. We're all just trying to advance our own interests here. That's what happens when you're in a cutthroat industry like ours. If you want to pretend that we're all just a big happy family, be my guest. But don't expect me to play along.

As for your little ultimatum about regrouping and reorganizing... please. You think I care about moving Cardiff Electric forward? Ha! I've got my own agenda, John, and it doesn't involve basking in the glow of your approval or pretending that we're all best buddies.

I'll be happy to discuss this further with you... over a drink. Just don't expect me to be all smiles and rainbows about it.

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Cardiff Electric, Administration


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Wednesday, February 02, 1983 11:33 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Donna Clark; Gordon Clark; Cameron Howe

Categories: Contract Negotiation

Subject: 

Betrayal and Disappointment


Hi Debbie, Donna, Gordon, Cameron,

Listen, I'm writing to express my deep disappointment and frustration with what's been going down. You all know me as a straight shooter, but even I can't help but feel like I've been punched in the gut by some of your recent decisions.

Let's be real - we're in this together, folks. We're supposed to be a team. But it feels like some of you are more interested in playing politics and furthering your own interests than in moving Cardiff Electric forward. That's not what I signed up for, and that's not what our customers expect from us.

We need to regroup, reorganize, and get back on track. We can't afford to let personal agendas derail the progress we've made. I'm calling on each of you to take a hard look at your own motivations and priorities. Are you truly committed to this company and its people, or are you just looking out for number one?

We need to talk about this in person. I'll be setting up meetings with each of you over the next few days. Don't bother trying to schedule around me - we're going to get this straightened out once and for all.

Let's do better.


John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales, Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0179

