
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, February 02, 1983 10:23 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Reminder

Dear Debbie,

I love a good reminder. It's like a shot of adrenaline straight to the heart of productivity. Yesterday was a mess, but today is a new day and I'm feeling motivated. Your email got me thinking about all the things we need to get done around here.

Let's focus on the tasks at hand instead of getting bogged down in who's doing what. We're a team, Debbie. Let's work together like one. I've got no problem confirming receipt of your email and moving forward with the plan.



From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Wednesday, February 02, 1983 10:23 AM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Reminder

Dear Debbie,

What is going on? Can't we just get one thing done without having to follow up about a million other things? Yesterday was a nightmare, and now you're sending me a reminder email to make sure I'm on track? Newsflash: I've been working my butt off over here, trying to keep up with all the moving parts in this place. You'd think that would be enough to get some respect around here.

Look, I'll confirm receipt of your email and pretend like I haven't been bothered by it already. But let me tell you, Debbie, if there's one thing I hate more than anything else, it's being treated like a child. So, how about we just focus on getting the job done instead of playing these silly games?



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Wednesday, February 02, 1983 10:23 AM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins; Ed Burris

Categories: Reminder

Subject: Reminder


Hi Joe, Yo-Yo, Larry, Ed,

I wanted to follow up on a few things that were discussed during our meeting yesterday. As you know, we're working towards some tight deadlines, and I want to make sure everyone is on track.

Please confirm receipt of this email and let me know if you have any questions or concerns. If there's anything I can do to help, don't hesitate to reach out.

Best,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Administration, Cardiff Electric
