
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Monday, February 07, 1983 11:10 AM
To:      Barry Shields

Categories:    Training and Development

Hi Barry,

I'm disappointed to hear that our training and development program has fallen out of alignment. I thought we were doing a decent job of keeping things in line, but I suppose I was wrong. I mean, who am I to question the Senior Counsel for the Legal department?

In any case, I'll get right on providing you with the updated list of programs and documentation. But let me ask you, Barry, have you considered that maybe we're overthinking this whole thing? Maybe we're getting too caught up in the rules and regulations and forgetting what really matters – selling some damn TVs.

I'm not saying we should abandon our protocols altogether, but perhaps a little flexibility wouldn't hurt. After all, we're salespeople, not lawyers (although, I do have a certain respect for your... unique skills).

Look forward to getting that list to you ASAP.

Very truly yours,

John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric
Sales


From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Monday, February 07, 1983 11:10 AM
To:      John Bosworth

Categories: Training and Development

Subject:    
Training and Development Program Review


Dear John,

I am compelled to initiate this correspondence as a matter of due diligence, having recently reviewed the training and development program offered by Cardiff Electric. As Senior Counsel for the Legal department, it is my responsibility to ensure that all company initiatives align with our internal policies and external regulatory requirements.

In light of recent events, I must emphasize the importance of strictly adhering to established protocols when conducting employee training sessions. It has come to my attention that certain employees may be deviating from approved program guidelines, which poses a risk to the integrity of our training efforts.

I would appreciate it if you could provide me with an updated list of all training and development programs currently in place, along with any corresponding documentation or records. This will enable me to conduct a thorough review and ensure that all such initiatives are compliant with relevant laws and regulations.

Please be assured that my primary concern is the upholding of Cardiff Electric's legal obligations and maintaining the highest standards of professionalism within our organization.


Sincerely,

Barry Shields
Senior Counsel, Legal Department
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0166


