
From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Tuesday, February 08, 1983 01:36 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Industry News

Hi Yo-Yo,

Thanks for reaching out and keeping me in the loop about industry news. I've been meaning to catch up on what's new with Cardiff Electric, but it seems like things are always changing around here. That being said, I do have some thoughts on this new IBM PC you mentioned.

It's true that its price point is making it more accessible to a wider audience, which could be both good and bad for our industry. On the one hand, it's great that more people will have the opportunity to get involved with technology. On the other hand, I'm worried about the potential for even more consolidation in the market. With these new PCs being so affordable, it's possible that we'll see even more small-time operators trying to muscle in on our turf.

As you know, Cardiff Electric is all about innovation and pushing the boundaries of what's possible with technology. If this new PC does indeed change the game, I think we need to be prepared to adapt and evolve alongside it. Maybe it's time for us to start thinking about how we can use these new PCs to our advantage, rather than just trying to compete with them.

Let me know if you've given any more thought to this, or if there's anything else you'd like to discuss.

Very truly yours,

Donna Clark
+1 512-555-0156
Director of Operations
Cardiff Electric | Operations


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Tuesday, February 08, 1983 01:36 PM
To:      Donna Clark

Categories: Industry News

Subject:    The Digital Divide

Dear Donna,

EMAIL START... again. I'm feeling a little guilty writing to you about industry news, considering we're still trying to get our own house in order here at Cardiff Electric. But someone's gotta keep an eye on what the competition's up to!

I've been reading about this new IBM PC that just came out, and I have to say - it's a game-changer. Not just because it's got those fancy new 8087 chips, but also because of its price point. Apparently, it's within reach for the masses now, which has me thinking... what does that mean for our little corner of the industry? Should we be worried about being left in the dust?

Let me know if you've given it any thought.

Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer
Cardiff Electric | Software Development
+1 512-555-0142

