
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Tuesday, February 08, 1983 03:07 PM
To:      Barry Shields

Categories:    Product Launch

Hi Barry,

I'm not exactly thrilled about getting into all the legal minutiae, but I suppose it's part of doing business. You know how it is - can't launch a new product without dotting all the i's and crossing all the t's.

As you requested, here's an overview of our latest gadget: it's a fancy new electric drill that's supposed to make life easier for construction workers. It's got some nifty features like adjustable speed control and a built-in level. We're planning to market it as a "game-changer" in the industry.

Now, I'm not exactly an expert on all this compliance stuff, but I think we've covered our bases pretty well so far. We've got all the necessary permits and licenses, and our manufacturing process is up to code. Of course, I'm sure you'll find some way to make us sweat about it, Barry.

Look, I know you're just doing your job, and I appreciate that. But can't we just get along for once? Do we really need to go through all this hassle every time we want to launch a new product?

Anyway, I hope this information helps you do your thing. Just don't make me come over there and give you a piece of my mind.

Very truly yours,


From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Tuesday, February 08, 1983 03:07 PM
To:      John Bosworth

Categories: Product Launch

Subject: Product Launch: Compliance and Liability Review

Dear John,

I am writing to request your attention to the forthcoming product launch scheduled by Cardiff Electric. As Senior Counsel in the Legal department, it is my responsibility to ensure that all necessary compliance and liability reviews are completed prior to the launch.

In this regard, I would appreciate it if you could provide me with a detailed overview of the product's features, functionality, and marketing strategy. This information will enable me to conduct a thorough review of the product's potential legal implications and identify any areas where additional guidance or support may be required.

I am confident that by working together, we can ensure a successful and compliant product launch that reflects positively on Cardiff Electric.

Sincerely,

Barry Shields
Senior Counsel
Cardiff Electric
Legal Department
+1 512-555-0166

