
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Tuesday, February 08, 1983 04:15 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Malcolm Levitan; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Project Update

Hi Barry,

I'm still trying to wrap my head around your latest email. You're talking about building something that can change people's lives? That's a big ask, man. I mean, I get it - we've got a great team working on this thing, and the excitement is palpable. But I don't want us to get ahead of ourselves here.

We need to take a hard look at what we've got so far, like you said. And then we need to be willing to make some tough decisions. We can't just coast on our momentum; we need to push ourselves harder if we want to stay ahead of the curve.

I'm thinking about that meeting we discussed. I think it's time for us to get everyone in a room and have a real conversation about what's next. Let me know when you're free, and we'll make it happen.



From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Tuesday, February 08, 1983 04:15 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Malcolm Levitan; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Project Update

Dear Joe,

I've been thinking about our project a lot lately. It's like my heart is racing just thinking about it. And then I get these ideas, man... ideas that make me feel alive. You know what I mean? It's like we're not just building some boring old computer, we're creating something that can change people's lives.

And you know what I think we need to do next? We need to take a step back and really look at what we've got so far. Not just the tech, but the people involved too. We've got a great team working on this thing, and I think we're all feeling it. The excitement, the nervousness... it's all there.

So yeah, let's schedule that meeting you mentioned. I'm game whenever you are. And hey, maybe after the meeting, we can grab a drink and really dive into what's next for us.



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Tuesday, February 08, 1983 04:15 PM
To:      Barry Shields; John Bosworth; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Project Update

Subject: Project Update


Hello Barry, John, and Malcolm,

I'm writing to you today with a mix of emotions. We've made significant progress on our project, but I can't shake the feeling that we're leaving something behind. The PC revolution is accelerating, and Cardiff Electric needs to be at the forefront.

We've got a solid foundation in place, and our latest prototypes have shown promise. However, I believe we need to push ourselves harder if we want to stay ahead of the curve. It's time to take calculated risks and challenge our assumptions.

I'd like to schedule a meeting with all of you to discuss our next steps and set a course for the future. Let me know your availability, and we'll make it happen.

Best,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager
Cardiff Electric
Product Management
+1 512-555-0132
