
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Tuesday, February 08, 1983 11:04 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan; Donna Clark; Yo-Yo Engberk; Ed Burris; Cameron Howe; Gordon Clark; John Bosworth

Categories:    Internal Announcement

Dear Joe,

I'm not sure what's gotten into you lately, but these emails of yours are starting to make me feel like I'm stuck in some kind of existential crisis. "Perpetual loop"? What are you talking about? We're selling computers, Joe! People are happy, and we're making a killing!

And as for your "innovation" and "disruption" jabs, let me tell you something: you may think you're some kind of visionary, but at the end of the day, we're still just trying to make a buck. And if that means selling more computers, then so be it.

I know what you're getting at with your "teamwork" and "relationship-building" speeches, Joe. You're trying to stir up trouble, get people talking about something other than quarterly profits. Well, let me tell you: I'm not buying it. We're a team because we have to be, not because we want to be.

And as for those "transactions"... well, that's just business, Joe. Don't make it out to be more than it is.

Anyway, I hope this email finds you well. Keep on selling, and maybe one day you'll figure out what makes us tick.



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Tuesday, February 08, 1983 11:04 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan; Donna Clark; Yo-Yo Engberk; Ed Burris; Cameron Howe; Gordon Clark; John Bosworth

Categories:    Internal Announcement

Hi John,

I'm not sure what to make of your internal announcement. It all seems so... cheerful. I mean, I know we're doing well, but I just can't shake the feeling that we're stuck in some kind of perpetual loop. We sell more computers, people are happy, and then we do it all again the next quarter. Where's the innovation? The disruption?

I know you think you're being motivational, John, but let me tell you, your "teamwork" and "relationship-building" speeches just make me want to pull my hair out. We're not a team, John. We're individuals with ideas that are going to change the world. And those relationships? Please. They're just transactions.

But hey, what do I know? I'm just a Senior Product Manager trying to bring some much-needed chaos to this soulless company. Maybe you should just keep on selling your little computers and let me worry about the future.



From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Tuesday, February 08, 1983 11:04 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan; Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Ed Burris; Cameron Howe; Gordon Clark

Categories: Internal Announcement

Subject: Internal Announcement


Hi Team,

I'm feeling proud of what we've accomplished so far in Q1. Our numbers are looking strong, and I know that's due to each and every one of you putting in the hard work. As your VP of Sales, it's an honor to lead such a talented group. Keep up the fantastic job!

As we move into the second quarter, I want to emphasize the importance of teamwork and collaboration. We're not just selling products - we're building relationships with our customers. Let's continue to prioritize those connections and make sure our clients feel valued.

Keep pushing yourselves to new heights! You got this, Cardiff Electric Sales team!

Best regards,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales, Cardiff Electric, Sale