
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, February 09, 1983 02:18 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Reminder

Hi Cameron,

I'm not sure what's more exhausting, trying to keep up with Ed's antics or dealing with the never-ending stream of bug fixes. Look, I get it - we need to get this stuff done ASAP. But can't we just focus on one thing at a time? I feel like I'm stuck in some kind of bureaucratic quicksand.

As for that meeting with the sales team, I'll make sure Ed knows how important it is to get it scheduled ASAP. But let's be real, Cameron - we're not exactly swimming in cash around here. Every decision feels like it's a high-stakes gamble.



From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Wednesday, February 09, 1983 02:18 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Joe MacMillan; Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Reminder

Hi Cameron,

Oh boy, I'm already feeling like a hamster on a wheel and you're telling me we need to nail down those bug fixes ASAP? Yeah, no kidding. I mean, I know I'm not exactly the most tech-savvy guy in the world, but I'm trying my best here.

Listen, Joe's been on my case about getting these fixes done, and I'm starting to feel like I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place. I don't want to be the one who causes GordonComms to spiral out of control, trust me.

As for that meeting with the sales team, I'll make sure Larry knows how important it is to get it scheduled ASAP. We can't afford to slip up on this one, Cameron.



From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Wednesday, February 09, 1983 02:18 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Joe MacMillan; Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields; Ed Burris

Categories: Reminder

Subject: Reminder - Deadline Looming


Hey everyone,

Listen, I know we're all busy trying to keep our heads above water in this mad scramble to get GordonComms up and running, but I'm starting to feel like a hamster on a wheel here. We really need to nail down those bug fixes ASAP before things spiral out of control. Joe, can you please make sure Ed is on it? And Larry, any chance we can squeeze in that meeting with the sales team this week? It's crunch time, and I don't want us getting left behind.

Best,
Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer, Cardiff Electric
Software Development

