
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Wednesday, February 09, 1983 03:49 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Hi Gordon,

I'm still trying to wrap my head around the fact that Cardiff Electric has been pushing boundaries. It feels like just yesterday we were fighting tooth and nail to get our projects off the ground. And now, you're talking about milestones? Please. You've got to be joking.

I mean, don't get me wrong, I'm happy for you, Gordon. Really, I am. But it's hard not to feel a little left out when it seems like everyone else is getting ahead while we're still stuck in neutral.

As for my own projects and initiatives... Well, let's just say that things are... complicated. I'll spare you the details, but suffice it to say that I'm struggling to find my place in all this.

Very truly yours,
Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer
Cardiff Electric - Software Development
+1 512-555-0142


From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Wednesday, February 09, 1983 03:49 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories: Personal Milestone

Subject:    Reflections on a Milestone


Dear Malcolm and Yo-Yo,

It's been a while since we've caught up, but I wanted to reach out and share some thoughts as I mark a personal milestone. As you know, Cardiff Electric has been pushing the boundaries of innovation in the PC industry, and I'm proud to have played a part in that.

I find myself reflecting on my own journey, from those early days working with the ENIAC team to our current endeavors here at Cardiff Electric. It's been a wild ride, full of twists and turns, but also incredibly rewarding. And as I look back, I'm struck by how far we've come.

In many ways, this milestone feels like a reminder that even in the midst of chaos, there is always opportunity for growth and improvement. It's something I try to keep in mind as we navigate the ever-changing landscape of technology.

I'd love to catch up more about your own projects and initiatives. Perhaps we can schedule a call to discuss?

Best regards,
Gordon Clark
Chief Engineer, Cardiff Electric
Phone: +1 512-555-0198

