
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, February 10, 1983 11:20 AM
To:      John Bosworth

Categories:    Event Planning

Dear Joe,

Man, I'm excited about where we're headed with event planning. Conferences and workshops are a great way to get our name out there and build relationships that'll pay off in the long run. And I love your idea of hosting a summit - that's exactly what Cardiff Electric needs to take it to the next level.

Let's not just stop at industry-specific events, though. We need to think big picture and bring together the right folks from all over the industry. A summit would be huge for us, and I'm on board 100%.

What do you think about reaching out to some of our biggest competitors and seeing if we can get them to join forces with us? It's a risk, but it could also pay off big time.



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Thursday, February 10, 1983 11:20 AM
To:      John Bosworth

Categories:    Event Planning

Dear John,

I love where you're headed with this. Event planning is exactly what we need to do to get ahead of the curve and build some real momentum behind Cardiff Electric. Conferences and workshops are a great way to showcase our capabilities, and I think it's essential that we start building those relationships now.

Let's not just stop at industry-specific events, though. Let's also think about hosting something that brings together the right folks from all over the industry. A summit, maybe? Something that really puts us on the map as thought leaders in this space. What do you say?



From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, February 10, 1983 11:20 AM
To:      Joe MacMillan

Categories: Event Planning

Subject: 

Event Planning Opportunities

Hi Joe,

Listen, I know we've been pushing hard to get our new product out the door, but I think it's time we start thinking about what comes next. Specifically, I'm talking about event planning opportunities for Cardiff Electric. We need to start building relationships with potential customers and partners, and events are a great way to do that.

I'm proposing we host some industry-specific conferences or workshops to showcase our capabilities and build credibility. What do you think? Are you on board?

Let me know your thoughts.

Best,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric
Sales
+1 512-555-0179
