
From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Monday, February 14, 1983 09:33 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Joe MacMillan; Barry Shields

Categories:    Volunteer Opportunities

Hi Barry,

Are you kidding me? Volunteer opportunities are the last thing on my mind when I'm trying to keep our company from imploding. Can we please focus on more pressing matters, like how to not get sued by our investors?

I don't know what kind of naive utopia you're living in, but around here, people are too busy trying to survive to worry about "social responsibility". You want to talk about conflicts of interest? How about the fact that Joe's been making decisions for the company based on his own personal whims instead of doing what's best for Cardiff Electric?

Look, I get it. You're trying to do some good in the world. But can't you see that we're already drowning in a sea of bureaucratic red tape and pointless meetings? Do we really need to add "Volunteer Opportunities" to the list?

I'll tell you one thing - if you're so concerned about our company's reputation, maybe you should start by cleaning up the mess Joe's made. Then we can talk about volunteering.

Very truly yours,
Malcolm Levitan
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development


From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Monday, February 14, 1983 09:33 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; John Bosworth; Joe MacMillan

Categories: Volunteer Opportunities

Subject: Volunteer Opportunities


Dear Malcolm, John, and Joe,

I am compelled to bring to your attention a matter of great importance regarding volunteer opportunities within Cardiff Electric. As Senior Counsel in the Legal department, it has fallen upon me to ensure that all initiatives align with our corporate policies and regulatory guidelines.

In light of recent events, I have been made aware of several instances where employees have engaged in extracurricular activities without proper clearance or oversight. It is essential that we establish clear protocols for volunteer opportunities to avoid any potential conflicts of interest or breaches of confidentiality.

I propose that we develop a comprehensive policy outlining the parameters and procedures for such endeavors. This will enable us to maintain our commitment to social responsibility while also safeguarding the interests of the company.

I would appreciate your prompt attention to this matter, as it is crucial that we address this issue forthwith.

Sincerely,

Barry Shields
Senior Counsel
+1 512-555-0166
Cardiff Electric
Legal Department

