
From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Monday, February 14, 1983 01:37 PM
To:      Larry Goins

Categories:    Reminder

Dear Yo-Yo,

You're really going to have to do better than that. I mean, come on, "Thanks for the heads up"? That's not even a real reminder. What's next? Are you going to start sending me post-it notes?

Look, I know we've got a lot of work to do, but at least let's make an effort to be professional about it. Remember when we used to have actual problems to solve instead of just clearing out logs and deleting unnecessary files? Ah, those were the days.

Anyway, if you really want to help, why don't you actually take some time to review those system logs and see if there's anything we can do to prevent any real issues from popping up during maintenance?



From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Monday, February 14, 1983 01:37 PM
To:      Larry Goins

Categories:    Reminder

Hi Larry,

Thanks for the heads up. I'll make sure to take a few minutes to review those system logs and clear out any unnecessary files or processes before the maintenance window. No worries, dude.

I appreciate your diligence in keeping our systems running smoothly. It's always good to have someone like you on top of things.

Very truly yours,
Yo-Yo Engberk
+1 512-555-0142
Programmer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development


From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Monday, February 14, 1983 01:37 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories: Reminder

Subject:    Reminder: System Maintenance Schedule


Hi Yo-Yo,

I wanted to follow up and remind you that our scheduled system maintenance is coming up soon. As previously discussed, we'll be performing some critical updates to ensure optimal performance and minimize downtime.

To prepare, I recommend taking a few minutes to review the system logs and clear out any unnecessary files or processes. This will help prevent any potential issues during the maintenance window.

If you have any questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to reach out. We're always here to support you.

Best regards,
Larry Goins
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support
+1 512-555-0144
