
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Tuesday, February 15, 1983 09:04 AM
To:      Barry Shields

Categories:    Vacation Notice

Hi Barry,

I'm surprised that you're still clinging to that outdated vacation notice policy. Newsflash: nobody takes that thing seriously, and we're not about to start now. You think Cameron's email was a joke? It's only because everyone in this company knows that policy is nothing more than a pointless exercise in bureaucratic busywork.

As the Senior Product Manager here at Cardiff Electric, I've got better things to do than waste my time filling out forms just so you can feel good about yourself. And as for your precious "two weeks' notice" policy, let me tell you - it's a relic of a bygone era. We're not in the business of planning our vacations 14 days in advance; we're in the business of building innovative products and crushing our competition.

So, Barry, I'm going to take Cameron's lead here: consider this my formal vacation notice - effective immediately, I'm taking a permanent vacation from your pointless policies and bureaucratic red tape. You can kiss my digital derrière goodbye, Barry.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager
Product Management
Cardiff Electric


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Tuesday, February 15, 1983 09:04 AM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Barry Shields

Categories:    Vacation Notice

Hi Barry,

I'm not even going to bother reading between the lines here. You're just trying to flex some corporate muscle and assert your authority over a couple of employees who are actually doing something worthwhile around here. Newsflash: I'm the one who's keeping this company's servers running smoothly, while you're just trying to trip me up with bureaucratic nonsense.

As for your precious "vacation notice" policy, let me tell you what I think about it: it's a joke. You know why? Because nobody actually follows that policy, and yet we're still expected to put up with the hassle of filling out some arbitrary form just so you can feel good about yourself.

So here's my response: consider this my formal vacation notice: effective immediately, I'm taking a permanent vacation from your pointless policies and bureaucratic red tape. You can kiss my digital derrière goodbye, Barry.



From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Tuesday, February 15, 1983 09:04 AM
To:      Cameron Howe; Joe MacMillan

Categories: Vacation Notice

Subject:    Vacation Notice

Dear Cameron and Joe,

It is imperative that we receive notification of any planned vacation time at least two weeks prior to departure. This allows our department sufficient time to cover your responsibilities during your absence. Failure to comply with this policy may result in unforeseen disruptions to our workflow.

I have reviewed the company's policy manual and it is explicitly stated that all employees must provide written notice of their vacation plans to their supervisor at least 14 days in advance. I am finding it difficult to comprehend why we continue to experience difficulties in this regard.

Please submit your vacation notices promptly, as per the company's established protocols. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact me directly.

Sincerely,
Barry Shields
Senior Counsel
+1 512-555-0166
Cardiff Electric, Legal Department
