
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Wednesday, February 16, 1983 12:10 PM
To:      Cameron Howe

Categories:    Social Event

Hi Gordon,

I'm actually surprised to see you're even bothering to respond, considering how condescendingly you've been treating me lately. But hey, I'll take what I can get.

Listen, I know we haven't always seen eye-to-eye on things, but that doesn't mean I don't care about our working relationship. And yeah, okay, maybe I do need someone to talk to - not because of some stupid code issue or drama, but because you're one of the few people who actually gets what I'm trying to achieve here.

You know as well as I do that Cardiff Electric is a mess, and we can't just sit back and let it continue like this. So if you want to grab drinks and forget about our problems for a bit, I'm in. Not because I want to indulge in some pointless socializing, but because I genuinely think we could use the break.

And by the way, nice try with the guilt trip - "you're the one who's been causing them in the first place"? Please. You're not exactly the poster child for blamelessness around here either.



From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Wednesday, February 16, 1983 12:10 PM
To:      Cameron Howe

Categories:    Social Event

Dear Cameron,

Betrayal. That's what I feel when I think about spending an evening with you, sipping drinks and forgetting about code. You're the one who's been coding all night, not me. And yet, here I am, feeling like a fool for even considering your invitation.

You want to grab drinks? How can we forget about our problems over a drink when you're the one who's been causing them in the first place? The bug you spent hours debugging was probably caused by your sloppy code. You should be thanking me for pointing it out, not asking me to socialize with you like nothing's wrong.

You need someone to talk to? Try talking to yourself. I'm sure that'll do wonders for your self-esteem. As for me, I've got better things to do than indulge in your drama. You're on your own, Cameron. Enjoy the rest of your coding despair. 

Very truly yours,
Gordon Clark
Chief Engineer, Cardiff Electric, Engineering
+1 512-555-0198



From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Wednesday, February 16, 1983 12:10 PM
To:      Gordon Clark

Categories: Social Event

Subject: 

Gordon,

I'm writing to you from the depths of my coding despair. I just spent hours debugging a stupid bug and I feel like I'm stuck in some kind of never-ending cycle of frustration. Maybe you can spare some of your genius-level calm to rub off on me?

I was thinking, maybe we could grab drinks or something this week? I need to get out of my head and forget about these pesky lines of code for a bit.

