
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Wednesday, February 16, 1983 12:10 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Larry Goins; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Volunteer Opportunities

Dear Debbie,

Thanks for keeping me posted on Cameron's latest scheme to change the world. I have to admit, sometimes I get caught up in his enthusiasm and forget that we're already changing the world one code line at a time.

Listen, I think it's great that Cameron wants to give back to the community. And who knows? Maybe we can even find some ways to volunteer our skills without sacrificing our sanity (or too much of it, anyway). But let's not get ahead of ourselves here. We've got a project to finish, and I'd rather not have to juggle that with trying to save the world.

So, yeah, count me in for brainstorming some volunteer opportunities when we're not quite so overwhelmed. Who knows? Maybe we'll come up with something that even Cameron would be proud of.

Cheers!
Ed Burris


From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Wednesday, February 16, 1983 12:10 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Barry Shields; Larry Goins; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Volunteer Opportunities

Hi Cameron,

I don't know how you're doing it, but you always seem to come up with these harebrained schemes that are supposed to change the world. And honestly, right now? I'm just trying to keep my head above water.

Look, I appreciate the sentiment and all, but can we just focus on getting through this project without losing our minds first?

I know it sounds selfish, but when you're drowning in paperwork and bureaucratic nonsense like I am, it's hard to muster up the energy for grand social causes. Can we just table this conversation until another time? Maybe after we've survived this quarter without too many casualties?

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Administration, Cardiff Electric


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Wednesday, February 16, 1983 12:10 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris; Barry Shields; Larry Goins

Categories: Volunteer Opportunities

Subject: 

Hello Debbie, Ed, Barry, and Larry,

I'm writing to blow off some steam about volunteer opportunities. We've been working our tails off at Cardiff Electric and I think we're owed something more than just a paycheck. I know it sounds like a pipe dream, but I believe we can make a difference outside of coding for the man.

Look, I get it - we're not exactly the most glamorous department in the company. But that doesn't mean our skills aren't valuable elsewhere. And if we don't use them to benefit the community, who will?

I'm sick of just talking about it; let's do something. Are you with me or am I flying solo on this one?

Cameron Howe
Lead Software Developer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development
+1 512-555-0147
