
From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Thursday, February 17, 1983 12:39 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Social Event

Hi Debbie,

Man, I gotta say, I'm feeling pretty content about this social event thingy. I mean, who doesn't love an excuse to grab a drink and some apps with the gang? And hey, it's not like we're gonna be forced into any trust falls or team-building exercises (although, you know, that would be kinda fun... just kidding).

Look, I get where Malcolm's coming from - sometimes Q1 can feel like a real grind. But honestly, I think this is exactly what we need: a chance to blow off some steam and have a good time. And hey, who knows, maybe we'll even learn something new about each other outside of the office.

I'm in, Debbie. Count me in for Friday at 5 PM. I'll make sure to RSVP by Thursday so you can get that headcount squared away.



From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Thursday, February 17, 1983 12:39 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Social Event

Dear Debbie,

I'm disappointed to hear that we're organizing another social event. It feels like just yesterday we were forced to participate in one of those tedious team-building exercises at the office retreat.

Look, I get it - Q1 has been a grind, and we all need to blow off some steam. But can't we do something more... substantial? Like a poker game or a round of golf? Something that doesn't involve forced mingling with coworkers?

I'll RSVP by Thursday, but only because I don't want to be the odd one out.



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Thursday, February 17, 1983 12:39 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Social Event

Subject: Social Event


Hi Larry and Malcolm,

I'm excited to announce that we're organizing a social event to celebrate the end of Q1. It's been a busy quarter, and I think we all deserve a chance to unwind and get to know each other better outside of the office.

The event is scheduled for Friday at 5 PM. We'll be having appetizers and drinks at a local pub. It would be great if you could join us!

Please RSVP by Thursday so we can get an accurate headcount.

Best regards,
Debbie Malinowski
Secretary
+1 512-555-0133
Cardiff Electric
Administration
