
From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Friday, February 18, 1983 11:45 AM
To:      Cameron Howe; Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields

Categories:    Supplier Relations

Hi Barry,

I'm not sure what to say about all this supplier relation nonsense. Compliance and audit requirements, schmpliance and schmaudit requirements. Look, we're trying our best here. You know as well as I do that Cardiff Electric is a mess of a company, but we're doing the best we can with what we've got.

I mean, come on, Barry. Can't you just relax for one minute? We're not trying to hide anything from you or anyone else. We're just trying to make sure people don't get hurt because some bean counter decided to audit us again. It's like you're expecting us to be perfect or something.

Anyway, I'll go ahead and put together a report on what we need to do to make you happy. But honestly, Barry, can't we just focus on getting the company up and running for once instead of constantly worrying about some audit or another?



From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Friday, February 18, 1983 11:45 AM
To:      Cameron Howe; Debbie Malinowski; Gordon Clark

Categories: Supplier Relations

Subject: Supplier Relations: Compliance and Audit Requirements

Dear Cameron, Debbie, Gordon,

I am compelled to express my frustration at the continued lack of attention to detail regarding supplier relations within Cardiff Electric. As Senior Counsel in the Legal department, it is imperative that we maintain a high level of compliance with regulatory requirements. Unfortunately, recent audits have revealed unacceptable deficiencies in this regard.

Specifically, I take issue with the failure to properly document and track supplier interactions. This not only increases our risk exposure but also compromises our ability to accurately assess and mitigate potential issues. I demand immediate rectification of these oversights.

I expect a comprehensive report detailing the steps you will take to ensure compliance with all relevant regulations and industry standards by the end of this quarter. Failure to comply may result in severe consequences, including legal action and reputational damage.

Sincerely,

Barry Shields
Senior Counsel
+1 512-555-0166
Cardiff Electric
Legal Department

