
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Monday, February 21, 1983 11:06 AM
To:      Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Thank You

Dear Larry,

I'm feeling like crap today, to be honest. Your email didn't exactly lift my spirits. I mean, thanks for the kind words, but when you're dealing with the likes of Gordon Clark on a daily basis, it's hard not to feel a little disappointed.

Look, I know we've got some good things cooking, and I'm stoked about that too. But sometimes it feels like nobody gets what we're really going for here. You know? Like, we're not just making some fancy new computer thingy - we're trying to change the world. And that's hard.

Anyway, thanks again for your email, Larry. It means something to me, even if it didn't exactly make my day.



From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Monday, February 21, 1983 11:06 AM
To:      Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Thank You

Hi Joe,

I'm feeling pretty content right now, and it's all because of emails like yours. Your note really put a smile on my face, and I'm grateful to be working with someone as stoked about this project as you are.

Let me tell you, seeing the impact we're making is what gets me out of bed in the morning (or at least after a couple cups of coffee). Knowing that our hard work is going to make a difference is all the motivation I need to keep pushing forward. Thanks for recognizing my efforts - it means a lot!

Very truly yours,
Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician, Cardiff Electric
Technical Support



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Monday, February 21, 1983 11:06 AM
To:      Larry Goins

Categories: Thank You

Subject: 

Dear Larry,

EMAIL BODY
I just wanted to shoot you a quick note and say thanks again for all your hard work on this project. You're truly the unsung hero of our team, and I'm stoked to have you on board. Let's keep pushing forward - we've got some game-changing stuff coming down the pipeline, and I know it's going to make a huge impact.

EMAIL SIGNATURE
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager, Product Management
Cardiff Electric

