
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Monday, February 28, 1983 09:28 AM
To:      Ed Burris; Larry Goins; Gordon Clark; Barry Shields

Categories:    Vacation Notice

Hi Barry,
I got your vacation notice and I've gotta say, it's a little too late to be planning some kind of getaway. We're in the middle of trying to change the game here at Cardiff Electric, and you're one of the key players. I'm not saying that your absence won't be felt, but I am saying that we can't just stop because you're taking a break.

Look, I know you've got this whole "Senior Counsel" thing going on, but let me tell you, Barry, I'm the one who's really running this show. And I need you to be here, focused on the task at hand.

So, here's the deal. You can go ahead and take your vacation, but you'd better come back refreshed and ready to roll because we're not going anywhere. We've got a company to run, and I'm not about to let it all fall apart while you're sipping margaritas on some beach somewhere.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager, Cardiff Electric, Product Management


From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Monday, February 28, 1983 09:28 AM
To:      Ed Burris; Larry Goins; Gordon Clark; Joe MacMillan

Categories: Vacation Notice

Subject:    Vacation Notice


Dear Ed, Larry, Gordon, and Joe,

I am compelled to formally notify you that I will be taking a vacation period from [Date] to [Date]. In accordance with company policy, I am providing you with written notice as required. As Senior Counsel in the Legal department, it is imperative that my absence does not disrupt our critical operations.

During this time, please direct any urgent matters or inquiries related to legal affairs to either Gordon Clark or Joe MacMillan, who will be acting on my behalf. Should any unforeseen circumstances arise, I can be reached via phone at +1 512-555-0166.

Please note that all outstanding work and tasks are to be completed prior to my departure. Any new matters requiring legal attention will need to be addressed by another member of the Legal department.


Sincerely,

Barry Shields
Senior Counsel
Cardiff Electric
Legal Department

