
From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Monday, February 28, 1983 10:16 AM
To:      Barry Shields; John Bosworth

Categories:    Contract Negotiation

Dear John,

I'm thrilled to hear that we're looking to take our contract negotiation strategy to the next level. You know, I've always believed that a little bit of nurturing goes a long way in building strong relationships with our partners. And anticipating their needs is exactly what we need to do to stay ahead of the curve.

I love your idea of being proactive rather than reactive. It's time for us to stop playing catch-up and start leading the way. I'm already thinking about ways we can innovate and be more strategic in our approach. This is an opportunity for us to really shine and show the competition what we're made of.

Let's work together to develop a plan that will take us to the next level. I'm excited to see some innovative thinking from all of us, folks!

Very truly yours,

Larry Goins
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support


From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Monday, February 28, 1983 10:16 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Barry Shields; John Bosworth

Categories:    Contract Negotiation

Dear John,

I'm thrilled to hear that we're looking to take our contract negotiation strategy to the next level. As someone who's always been proud of our company's ability to think outside the box, I'm excited to get started on this project.

Your suggestion to anticipate the needs of our partners and be proactive rather than reactive is spot on. It's time for us to stop playing catch-up and start leading the way. I love your idea of being more than just a sales team - we're partners in their success, and that's something we can all get behind.

I'm already thinking about ways we can innovate and be more strategic in our approach. This is an opportunity for us to really shine and show the competition what we're made of. I'm looking forward to working with you and the team to develop a plan that will take us to the next level.



From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Monday, February 28, 1983 10:16 AM
To:      Donna Clark; Larry Goins; Barry Shields

Categories: Contract Negotiation

Subject: 

Contract Negotiation Strategy - Let's Get Ahead of the Curve

Hi Donna, Larry, and Barry,

I'm writing to talk about our contract negotiation strategy. As we move forward with new partnerships, I want to make sure we're all on the same page. Our current approach is solid, but I think we can do better.

We need to start thinking outside the box and anticipating their needs. This means being proactive, not reactive. We can't just respond to their offers; we need to take control of the conversation. Let's work together to develop a strategy that shows we're more than just a sales team - we're partners in their success.

This is an opportunity for us to shine and set ourselves apart from the competition. I want to see some innovative thinking, folks! Let's make this happen.

Best,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
+1 512-555-0179
Cardiff Electric
Sales Department
