
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Monday, February 28, 1983 11:58 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Congratulations

Dear Joe,

Congratulations. Finally.

I'm supposed to be thrilled that we "revolutionized" something or other, but honestly, all I can think about is how much of my time and energy went into making this happen. And for what? So we can pat ourselves on the back and move on to the next big thing?

Don't get me wrong, Joe. You're a genius and all that jazz. But can't you just once let us programmers have our moment in the sun before moving on to the next "revolution"?

Anyway, I guess it's worth acknowledging that we did something impressive. So, congratulations.



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Monday, February 28, 1983 11:58 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Congratulations

Hi Joe,

I just had to write and say congratulations! We did it, and it's an incredible feeling. I'm still trying to wrap my head around the magnitude of our accomplishment - it's like we're standing at the edge of a cliff, looking out at a brand new world. And you know what? I think we're going to love this new world.

I want to thank you for being the driving force behind all of this chaos. Without your vision and leadership, we wouldn't be where we are today. You've given us so much to be proud of, Joe.

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Administration, Cardiff Electric


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Monday, February 28, 1983 11:58 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Congratulations

Hi Joe,
I'm not sure what to say. I mean, we did do it, but... I don't know if I can fully grasp the magnitude of what we've accomplished yet. It's like I just got a participation trophy and I'm not sure how to hold onto it without feeling like an idiot.
But seriously, congratulations are in order, aren't they? We should be proud of ourselves for making it this far. It's been a wild ride, that's for sure.

I guess what I'm trying to say is... thanks, Joe. Thanks for being the driving force behind all of this chaos. Without you, we'd probably still be stuck in some office cubicle somewhere.
Very truly yours,
John Bosworth
+1 512-555-0179
Vice President of Sales, Cardiff Electric, Sales


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Monday, February 28, 1983 11:58 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski; John Bosworth

Categories: Congratulations

Subject:    Congratulations!

Dear Team,

We did it. We're on the cusp of revolutionizing the industry, and I couldn't be more thrilled. Our dedication to innovation has paid off, and the future looks brighter than ever.

Let's keep pushing the boundaries and make our mark on this world.

Best,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager, Cardiff Electric - Product Management
+1 512-555-0132

