
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Monday, February 28, 1983 09:39 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Research Collaboration

Dear Cameron,

I must say, I'm thoroughly impressed by your willingness to collaborate on some research. It's been a while since I've had someone to geek out with about coding and innovation. Your comment about the 386 made me chuckle too - it's definitely an... interesting platform. But I believe that even the most unlikely platforms can hold hidden gems, just waiting to be discovered.

I'm particularly excited about exploring new territories and finding ways to make research collaboration a reality. What specific areas are you thinking of focusing on? Is there a particular problem or challenge you'd like to tackle?

Let's schedule a time to chat about it, and I'll bring the decaf coffee (of course!).



From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Monday, February 28, 1983 09:39 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Research Collaboration

Hi Yo-Yo,

I'm intrigued by your suggestion to collaborate on some research. It's been a while since I've had someone to bounce ideas off of, and I'd love to pick your brain about what you're working on at Cardiff Electric.

Your comment about the 386 made me chuckle - it's definitely an... interesting platform. But I'm always up for exploring new territories and finding ways to make it work. What specific areas are you thinking of focusing on? Is there a particular problem or challenge you'd like to tackle?

Let me know, and we can schedule a time to chat about it.

Very truly yours,
Cameron Howe

Lead Software Developer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0147


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Monday, February 28, 1983 09:39 AM
To:      Cameron Howe

Categories: Research Collaboration

Subject:    Research Collaboration

Dear Cameron,

I'm writing to you from the trenches of Cardiff Electric, where we're still trying to catch our breath after the whirlwind that was last quarter. I hope this email finds you well and not too buried under a pile of ones and zeros.

To be honest, I'm feeling a bit down in the dumps today. It's like my favorite coding language has lost its flavor (I know, I know - that's just a metaphorical crisis waiting to happen). Anyway, that's why I want to talk to you about research collaboration. I think we can learn a lot from each other, and who knows, maybe even stumble upon something groundbreaking! The usual suspects are snoozing at the moment (I mean, seriously, have you seen the state of the 386?), but I'd love to see what we can achieve by poking around in uncharted territories together.

Let me know when you're free to chat about this. I'll bring the coffee (decaf, of course - I'm a programmer, not a mad scientist).

Best,
Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer | Cardiff Electric | Software Development
+1 512-555-0142
