
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Tuesday, March 01, 1983 10:44 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Yo-Yo Engberk; Cameron Howe; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Supplier Relations

Hi Gordon,

I'm feeling pretty optimistic about our supplier relations. Yeah, we've had some issues with response times, but I think we can work through this. I mean, what's a little delay when it comes to getting our hands on some top-notch components? Right?

Look, I get where you're coming from - delays are frustrating, and they can definitely impact our projects. But I think if we just take a deep breath and approach this like a normal human being (as opposed to, say, a hyper-competitive genius like yourself), we'll be fine.

I'm happy to escalate the issue with our suppliers, but let's not freak out about it. Let's just have a calm conversation and see if we can't get things moving again.

Very truly yours,
Ed Burris
+1 512-555-0155
Project Manager
Cardiff Electric
Project Management


From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Tuesday, March 01, 1983 10:44 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Yo-Yo Engberk; Cameron Howe; Ed Burris

Categories: Supplier Relations

Subject: Supplier Relations: Unsatisfactory Response Times


Dear John,
Hi Yo-Yo and Ed,
Hello Cameron,

I am writing to express my frustration with the recent supplier relations issues we've been experiencing. Despite repeated requests for timely responses, our suppliers continue to drag their feet, causing delays in our development cycle. This is unacceptable and I expect a higher level of cooperation from our partners.

As Chief Engineer, it's imperative that we maintain a stable supply chain. The lack of responsiveness from our suppliers is not only frustrating but also jeopardizes the overall success of our projects.

I request that you all escalate this matter to your respective contacts at the supplier companies and demand a more prompt response time. I will be monitoring the situation closely and expect a resolution within the next two weeks.

Sincerely,
Gordon Clark
+1 512-555-0198
Chief Engineer, Engineering Department
Cardiff Electric
