
From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Tuesday, March 01, 1983 03:59 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Reminder

Dear Cameron,

Ah, finally someone gets it. You're reminding me of what's at stake here. And let me tell you, I'm not just talking about meeting deadlines or checking off boxes on a to-do list. I'm talking about the soul of this company, about whether we're going to be mere cogs in the machine or if we're going to make something that truly matters.

As for your suggestion to make it more "interesting", well, you know me too well. I think hacking into the mainframe would be a great way to blow off some steam and remind ourselves what we're really fighting for.



From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Tuesday, March 01, 1983 03:59 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Reminder

Hi Cameron,

I gotta say, I'm still trying to wrap my head around how we've managed to keep going without completely imploding. But hey, that's not what you're reminding me about, right?

Look, I appreciate the reminder and all, but can we make it a little more... interesting? A meeting with Gordon and Donna sounds like just another soul-sucking corporate drudgery session. Can't we do something a little more... rebellious? Like, I don't know, hack into the mainframe or something?

Very truly yours,
Malcolm Levitan
+1 512-555-0182
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Tuesday, March 01, 1983 03:59 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Gordon Clark; Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan

Categories: Reminder

Subject: Reminder - Deadline Looming

Hi All,

I'm writing to remind everyone that our project deadline is fast approaching, and we still have a lot of work left to do. I know we're all feeling the pressure, but I believe if we stay focused and keep pushing forward, we can get this done.

I'd like to schedule a meeting with Gordon, Malcolm, and Donna to go over the plan and make sure everyone is on the same page. Let me know when you're available, and we'll set something up.

Let's not give up now - we've come too far to stop at the finish line!

Best,
Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer, Cardiff Electric
Software Developmen