
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Tuesday, March 01, 1983 10:57 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Event Planning

Dear Debbie,

I'm not sure if I'm excited about these meetings or just going through the motions. The dates you proposed, April 15th and May 3rd, seem fine to me. I don't really have any major concerns at this point.

As for your suggestion of blocking off extra time in each meeting, I think it's a decent idea. We can discuss new ideas or concerns if they come up during the meeting. It might be helpful to avoid rushing through the agenda.

Let me know what you think about that. If not, no big deal either way.



From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Tuesday, March 01, 1983 10:57 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Ed Burris; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Event Planning

Hi Debbie,

Thanks for getting the meeting schedule organized. I'm loving the enthusiasm around here lately, and it's great to see we're all on the same page. The dates you proposed work perfectly for me - April 15th and May 3rd are both clear.

I do have a suggestion, though: why don't we make sure to block off some extra time in each meeting to discuss any new ideas or concerns that come up? I think it'd be super helpful to have a little buffer built in to ensure we're not rushing through the agenda.

Let me know what you think! I'm stoked to get started on these events and make them happen.

Very truly yours,
Barry Shields
Senior Counsel, Cardiff Electric
Legal



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Tuesday, March 01, 1983 10:57 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Ed Burris; Barry Shields

Categories: Event Planning

Subject: Event Planning - Upcoming Meeting Schedule

Dear John, Ed, and Barry,

I wanted to touch base with you all regarding our upcoming meeting schedule. As we approach the quarter's end, I've noticed a few events on the horizon that require some organization.

To ensure everything runs smoothly, I'd like to propose the following dates for our team meetings:

* April 15th: Marketing Review
* May 3rd: Product Roadmap Discussion

Please let me know if these dates work for you, and if not, suggest alternative dates. I'll make sure to update the calendar accordingly.

As always, my door is open should any of you need assistance or have questions about the events.

Best regards,
Debbie Malinowski
Secretary, Administration
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0133
