
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Wednesday, March 02, 1983 11:00 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Ed Burris

Categories:    Thank You

Dear Ed,

I'm feeling like a kid in a candy store right now! Your email just filled me with all sorts of good vibes. I mean, who doesn't love a pat on the back for doing what they love? It's moments like these that remind me why I started coding in the first place - to make something awesome and share it with the world.

Your summary of our progress was music to my ears! 85% complete is a huge deal, especially considering all the obstacles we've faced. I'm proud of what we've accomplished so far, and I'm even more excited about what's still to come.

Let's keep that momentum going and make this project something truly special. I'm honored to be a part of this team and can't wait to see what the future holds.



From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Wednesday, March 02, 1983 11:00 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Ed Burris

Categories:    Thank You

Hi Ed,

Thanks for the kind words. It's been a team effort, and I'm glad to hear that our hard work is paying off. Those numbers look good - 85% complete is impressive, especially considering we've had some bumps along the way.

I think what's most important is that we're all rowing in the same direction. If we keep pushing forward, I have a feeling we'll be able to deliver something truly special.

Thanks again for your encouragement. It means a lot coming from you.

Very truly yours,
John Bosworth
+1 512-555-0179
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric
Sales


From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Wednesday, March 02, 1983 11:00 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; John Bosworth; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories: Thank You

Subject: Thank You


Hi Malcolm, John, and Yo-Yo,

I wanted to take a moment to express my gratitude for the efforts you've put into getting us closer to meeting our project deadlines. Your dedication has not gone unnoticed, and I'm thrilled with the progress we're making.

Here are some key takeaways from the past few weeks:

* Task Force Alpha is 85% complete
* Beta testing has been a success
* We've identified and mitigated several potential roadblocks

While there's still much work to be done, I'm confident that our collective efforts will yield a successful outcome.

