
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Tuesday, March 08, 1983 04:35 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; Joe MacMillan; Malcolm Levitan; Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields

Categories:    Product Launch

Hi Barry,

You know, sometimes I feel like I'm stuck in a never-ending cycle of despair and desperation, but then something like this email comes along and it just makes me want to scream at the top of my lungs! You're really asking us to consider all these boring legal things when we should be focusing on making some actual progress? Come on, Barry!

I mean, I get that compliance is important and all that jazz, but can't we just... I don't know, maybe bend the rules a little bit or something? Is that too much to ask?! And what's with the emphasis on antitrust laws and regulations? Are you trying to tell me that Cardiff Electric is going to start competing with itself or something?

As for the product's technical specifications, I'm not exactly sure what kind of "progress" we've made there. I mean, I know I wrote some code and stuff, but did it actually do anything? And intellectual property issues? Ha! Like anyone would even notice if we stole someone else's idea.

Anyway, that's my two cents on the matter. Take it or leave it, Barry. Whatever you say, man.

Very truly yours,

Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer
Software Development Department
Cardiff Electric


From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Tuesday, March 08, 1983 04:35 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; Joe MacMillan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Malcolm Levitan; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Product Launch

Subject: Product Launch Considerations


Dear Team,

I am writing to bring to your attention certain legal considerations that must be taken into account as we prepare for the product launch. As you are aware, Cardiff Electric is a regulated entity and our actions must be guided by applicable laws and regulations.

In particular, I would like to emphasize the importance of compliance with antitrust laws and regulations. It is crucial that we ensure our marketing strategies do not violate any federal or state statutes.

Furthermore, I would appreciate it if you could provide me with an update on your progress regarding the product's technical specifications and any potential intellectual property issues that may arise.

I look forward to discussing these matters further with you.

Sincerely,
Barry Shields
Senior Counsel, Cardiff Electric, Legal Department
+1 512-555-0166