
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Friday, March 11, 1983 10:51 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Larry Goins; Yo-Yo Engberk; Gordon Clark; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Internal Announcement

Hi Joe,

I have to say, I'm amused by your internal announcement. "Moving Forward: Our Next Steps in PC Cloning"? It sounds like a pep rally for the 80s. I mean, I know we're trying to be all innovative and whatnot, but come on - you can't seriously expect us to get pumped up about cloning PCs.

I think what would really help is if we stopped pretending that we're not just copying everyone else's ideas and started focusing on actually innovating. You know, like the good old days when we used to try to do something new instead of just rehashing someone else's work.

But hey, I guess it's cute that you think a little motivational speech will get us all excited about PC cloning. Just don't expect me to start chanting "USA! USA!" anytime soon.

Very truly yours,
Cameron Howe
Lead Software Developer
Software Development
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0147


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Friday, March 11, 1983 10:51 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Larry Goins; Yo-Yo Engberk; Gordon Clark; Cameron Howe

Categories: Internal Announcement

Subject: 

Moving Forward: Our Next Steps in PC Cloning


Dear Team,

I'm writing to you today because I'm concerned about our momentum. We've made some significant progress, but I know we can do better. As we move forward with our PC cloning efforts, I want to emphasize the importance of collaboration and innovation.

Our competitors are gaining ground, and we need to stay ahead of the curve. I believe in each and every one of you, and I know that together, we can achieve great things. But it's time for us to take a step back, re-evaluate our strategy, and come out swinging.

Let's use this opportunity to refocus and recharge. Let's make 1983 the year we take PC cloning to the next level.


Best,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager
+1 512-555-0132
Cardiff Electric
Product Management
