
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Friday, March 11, 1983 02:50 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Gordon Clark; Ed Burris; Donna Clark; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Office Relocation

Dear Debbie,

I'm worried about this office relocation thing. I mean, we're talking about a massive upheaval here. New space, new workflows... it's like we're starting from scratch all over again. And what about our poor, defenseless IT department? How are they going to survive the chaos of a phased relocation?

Look, I know Barry and Larry are excited about the prospect of "shaking things up" in our new digs, but let's not get ahead of ourselves here. We need to make sure that everyone knows what they're getting into before we start packing up our desks.

I'd like to request a meeting with you and the rest of the relocation team to discuss some of these concerns and get a better sense of what's going on. Maybe we can even get some input from the IT department, just in case.



From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Friday, March 11, 1983 02:50 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Gordon Clark; Ed Burris; Joe MacMillan; Donna Clark; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Office Relocation

Hi Debbie,

I've got to say, I'm amused by the whole office relocation thing. It's like we're all just pawns in some giant game of musical chairs. But hey, I'm excited to see how this new space will shake things up.

As for your question about phased relocation, I think it's a great idea. I mean, who doesn't love a good moving day surprise? But seriously, I do have one question: what's the plan for furniture and equipment? Are we just going to wing it and hope everything fits in the new space?

Thanks for keeping us all informed!

Very truly yours,
Barry Shields
+1 512-555-0166
Senior Counsel
Cardiff Electric
Legal



From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Friday, March 11, 1983 02:50 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Gordon Clark; Ed Burris; Joe MacMillan; Barry Shields; Donna Clark; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Office Relocation

Dear Debbie,

I'm thrilled to hear that our office relocation plans are moving forward. You've got a great team working on this, and I'm confident we'll be settled into our new space before you know it.

I do have one question about the phased relocation - can we get some more information on what that looks like in terms of furniture and equipment? We're going to need to start thinking about how we're going to pack up our gear and move it over. And, I'm excited to see how the new space will affect our workflow.

I'm looking forward to hearing back from you on those details. Thanks for keeping us all informed!

Very truly yours,
Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support


From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Friday, March 11, 1983 02:50 PM
To:      Larry Goins; John Bosworth; Gordon Clark; Ed Burris; Joe MacMillan; Barry Shields; Donna Clark; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories: Office Relocation

Subject: Office Relocation


Dear All,

I'm excited to share that we're making progress on our office relocation plans. As you know, our team has been working tirelessly to prepare for the move. I want to keep everyone informed and on the same page.

Please find below a summary of the key details:

* The new location is 12345 Research Blvd, Building A, Suite 100.
* Our target move-in date is April 15th.
* We'll be conducting a phased relocation to minimize disruption. More information will follow shortly.

I'm confident that this new space will provide us with an ideal environment for collaboration and innovation. If you have any questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to reach out.

Best regards,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary
Cardiff Electric
Administration
