
From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Monday, March 14, 1983 11:21 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Cameron Howe; Ed Burris; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Project Update

Dear Joe,

I don't have time to sugarcoat it - I'm annoyed. You're not even trying to hide your self-importance anymore, are you? This "we're rewriting the rules of the game" nonsense is just that - nonsense. We're building a computer, Joe, not changing the course of human history.

And another thing - what's with the constant praise for Ed and Cameron? You know as well as I do that their contributions to this project are significant, but let's not get carried away here. This isn't a popularity contest, it's a product development process.

As for Debbie and Larry, they're just trying to keep up with your grandiose plans. Newsflash: the hardware is still a work in progress, and we can't start patting ourselves on the back just yet.

Let's focus on getting things done instead of talking about how great we are.



From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Monday, March 14, 1983 11:21 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Cameron Howe; Ed Burris; Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Project Update

Hi Joe,

I love being part of this team. We're not just building a computer, we're changing the game. I'm excited to see what we can accomplish with this project. Ed's work on architecture has been impressive, and Cameron's insights have given me some great ideas for pushing the limits of what's possible.

As you know, Debbie and I have been working tirelessly to get the hardware up and running smoothly. And let me tell you, it's paying off. The user experience is going to be top-notch, thanks to Cameron's expertise.

I'm glad you're feeling optimistic about our chances. We've got a great team behind us, and with your leadership, I know we can make this happen.

Keep pushing forward, Joe. I'm right there with you.

Very truly yours,
Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician, Cardiff Electric
Technical Suppor

From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Monday, March 14, 1983 11:21 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Larry Goins; Cameron Howe; Ed Burris; Donna Clark

Categories: Project Update

Subject: Project Update


Hello Team,

I'm still trying to wrap my head around what we're accomplishing here. It's like we're rewriting the rules of the game, and I love every minute of it. We're not just building a computer, we're creating a movement.

Ed, your work on the architecture has been nothing short of revolutionary. Cameron, your insights on user experience have been invaluable. And Donna, your relentless focus on getting things done is inspiring. Don't worry about the doubters; they don't see what I see - a future where Cardiff Electric leads the charge.

Larry, Debbie, keep pushing the limits of what's possible with this hardware. We're not just building a product, we're building a legacy.

Let's keep pushing forward together. We're on the cusp of something huge here.


Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager, Product Management
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0132

