
From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Wednesday, March 16, 1983 04:12 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields; Larry Goins; John Bosworth; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Health and Safety

Hi Gordon,

I had to read your email twice because my mind kept wandering. But when it finally sunk in, I was like, "Oh boy, we're talking about health and safety!" You know how I feel about that. It's like, the most important thing for our people.

I totally agree with you on proper grounding procedures and regular inspections of equipment. We can't be too careful when it comes to electrical hazards. I mean, think about it - one little mistake could have serious consequences. And I know we've had some close calls in the past...

So, I'm all for implementing those changes ASAP. Let's make a list of what needs to be done and prioritize it. I'll even take point on making sure everyone is on board.

Let me know if you want to grab lunch or coffee sometime this week to discuss further. I'd love to hear more about your thoughts on this.

Very truly yours,

Donna Clark
Director of Operations, Cardiff Electric
Phone: +1 512-555-0156


From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Wednesday, March 16, 1983 04:12 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields; Larry Goins; John Bosworth; Donna Clark

Categories: Health and Safety

Subject: Health and Safety: Electrical Hazards

Dear all,

I'm writing to bring up a concern regarding electrical hazards in our department. As Chief Engineer, I feel it's my duty to ensure that we're taking the necessary precautions to prevent accidents.

In light of recent events, I've been reviewing our safety protocols and I've identified some areas where we can improve. Specifically, I'd like to highlight the importance of proper grounding procedures and the need for regular inspections of our equipment.

I know this may seem like a hassle, but I believe it's essential that we prioritize our employees' well-being. As an engineer myself, I understand the risks involved in our line of work, and I want to ensure that we're doing everything possible to mitigate those risks.

Please take some time to review our current safety protocols and let me know if you have any questions or concerns.

Best,
Gordon Clark
Chief Engineer, Engineering Department
Cardiff Electric
Phone: +1 512-555-0198

