
From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Wednesday, March 16, 1983 03:32 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; John Bosworth; Ed Burris; Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields

Categories:    Wellness Check

Hi Barry,

Oh, it's about time someone around here got their priorities straight. I'm glad to see that you're finally taking an interest in what's been going on with our wellness program. You know as well as I do that some of these people are a joke. They think they're above the law just because they've got a few lines of code memorized.

I'm happy to provide any documentation or records that might be relevant, but let me tell you, it's going to take a lot more than just a little report to get at the truth around here. You want transparency and accountability? Good luck with that. These people are like snakes - they'll twist anything to get what they want.

As for my role in all this, well, I'm just trying to keep my head down and do my job while all this other nonsense goes on. But I've got news for you, Barry: I'm not going to be the one to get caught up in your little witch hunt. You can't pin anything on me, so don't even try.

Very truly yours,
Malcolm Levitan
Programmer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development


From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Wednesday, March 16, 1983 03:32 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; John Bosworth; Ed Burris; Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Wellness Check

Subject: Wellness Check


Dear Gordon, John, Ed, Debbie, and Malcolm,

I am compelled to address a matter of great concern regarding the recent events surrounding our company's wellness program. As Senior Counsel for Cardiff Electric's Legal department, it is my duty to ensure that all matters are handled in accordance with established protocols and guidelines.

In light of recent developments, I must express my profound disappointment and dismay at the apparent disregard for these very same guidelines by certain parties involved. The lack of transparency and accountability displayed by some individuals is nothing short of egregious and raises significant questions about their commitment to upholding the standards of our organization.

I request that each of you provide a comprehensive report on your individual roles and responsibilities in this matter, as well as any relevant documentation or records that may shed light on the situation. I expect prompt and thorough responses to these inquiries, as the Legal department will be conducting a thorough investigation into these claims.


Sincerely,
Barry Shields
Senior Counsel, Cardiff Electric, Legal Department
+1 512-555-0166


