
From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Thursday, March 17, 1983 03:31 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Invitation

Dear Joe,

Ah, vindication is sweet. Your invitation to "revolutionize the industry" reeks of desperation and a complete lack of understanding about what makes Cardiff Electric tick. Let me tell you, we're not going to "dominate the market" by throwing together some half-baked brainstorming session.

What's really going on here is that you're trying to salvage whatever's left of your pathetic attempt at a comeback. Newsflash: no one wants to work with you, Joe. Your reputation precedes you, and we all know what kind of toxic waste you spread wherever you go.

You want us to take risks? Ha! You're the one who should be taking risks - quitting this sinking ship before it's too late.

So, I'll pass on your invitation. Instead, I'll keep doing what I do best: writing code that actually works, unlike whatever monstrosity you'd come up with after a few hours of brainstorming.



From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Thursday, March 17, 1983 03:31 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Invitation

Dear Joe,

I'm not sure what kind of game you're playing, but I've got to admit that Debbie's skepticism has me curious. What exactly do you mean by "revolutionize the industry"? You know as well as I do that Cardiff Electric is a mess, and any talk of revolution needs to be backed up with some concrete plans.

I'm not interested in vague notions or brainstorming sessions just for the sake of it. If you've got something specific in mind, then let's hear it. Otherwise, count me out.



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Thursday, March 17, 1983 03:31 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan; Gordon Clark; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Invitation

Dear Joe,

I must say, I'm intrigued by your invitation to brainstorm. You're right; we are at a crossroads, and it's time for us to take risks and challenge ourselves. However, before we schedule anything, I'd like to know more about what you have in mind.

What specific strategies or ideas do you want to discuss? Are there any particular challenges or obstacles that Cardiff Electric is facing that we need to address?

Let's not waste any time on vague notions of "revolutionizing the industry." Let's focus on concrete steps we can take to move forward. I'm willing to commit to a brainstorming session, but only if it's productive and yields tangible results.

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski

+1 512-555-0133
Secretary
Administration
Cardiff Electric


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Thursday, March 17, 1983 03:31 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan; Gordon Clark

Categories: Invitation

Subject: Invitation


Hi Debbie, Yo-Yo, Larry, Malcolm, and Gordon,

I'm reaching out to you all because I believe we're at a crossroads. Cardiff Electric has an opportunity to revolutionize the industry, and I need your expertise to make it happen. I've been thinking about our category, and I truly believe that with the right strategy and execution, we can dominate the market.

It's time for us to take risks, push boundaries, and challenge ourselves to think differently. I want to invite you all to a brainstorming session to discuss this further. Let's get together, share our ideas, and start building something incredible.

Let me know your availability, and we'll schedule it soon.


Best regards,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager
+1 512-555-0132
Cardiff Electric
Product Management

