
From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Thursday, March 17, 1983 01:05 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Dear Joe,

I'm not sure what to say. Congratulations on reaching some milestone or other. It doesn't seem like that matters right now. To me, everything feels like it's just one big mess. Cardiff Electric's a disaster waiting to happen, and I'm trapped in the middle of it all.

I know you're trying to be optimistic, but it's hard for me to see any progress when we're still stuck in this quagmire. It's not like we're making real progress or anything. We're just treading water until the whole thing comes crashing down around us.

Very truly yours,

Gordon Clark
+1 512-555-0198
Chief Engineer, Cardiff Electric
Engineerin

From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Thursday, March 17, 1983 01:05 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Gordon Clark; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Hi Larry,

Congratulations on reaching that milestone. It takes guts to admit when things are getting tough, and it says a lot about your character that you're recognizing progress despite the challenges. As someone who's always pushing for more, I can appreciate the importance of acknowledging small wins along the way.

Let's not get too caught up in celebrating just yet, though - we've got work to do to keep momentum going. But I think it's great that we can take a moment to reflect on our accomplishments and remind ourselves why we're doing what we're doing.

Cheers!

Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager, Cardiff Electric
Product Management
+1 512-555-0132


From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Thursday, March 17, 1983 01:05 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Gordon Clark; Malcolm Levitan; Joe MacMillan; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories: Personal Milestone

Subject:    Personal Milestone


Dear Ed, Gordon, Malcolm, Joe, and Yo-Yo,

I'm writing to share a personal milestone with all of you. As some of you know, I've been struggling to keep up with our increasing support requests lately. To be honest, it's been feeling like the entire universe has come crashing down on me (laughs nervously). But, I wanted to take a moment to acknowledge that we're making progress, and our collective efforts are starting to pay off.

I know it's easy to get lost in the weeds of troubleshooting and technical jargon, but it's crucial we take time to recognize our individual and team achievements. It's what keeps us going (and sanity intact) during those long hours spent on the phone or in front of a computer screen.

