
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Wednesday, March 23, 1983 03:18 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Donna Clark; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Project Update

Hi Yo-Yo,

Thanks for the vote of confidence! I'm feeling pretty good about where we are right now. It's been a wild ride, but I think we're really starting to get our groove back. The team is gelling and everyone seems to be having fun, which always helps.

I love your enthusiasm, by the way. You're infectious - even on days when I'm feeling like I'm stuck in quicksand, your email makes me want to jump out of bed and tackle whatever problem we're facing.

So, yeah, we're crushing it. And it's not just because we're a bunch of superstars (although that doesn't hurt). It's because we've got a great team and we're all working together towards the same goal.

Anyway, thanks again for the encouragement. It means a lot to me - and I know it means a lot to the rest of the team too.



From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Wednesday, March 23, 1983 03:18 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Donna Clark; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Project Update

Hi Cameron,

I just had to jump in and offer some encouragement - you're doing a fantastic job leading the team on this project update. It's infectious, man! Your excitement is palpable, and I can feel it spreading throughout the department.

I'm loving the vibes of problem-solving, too. We all are! It's been a wild ride getting our new OS up and running, but we're crushing it (just like you said). You've got an amazing team behind you, and I know they're grateful for your guidance.

Keep shining, Cameron!

Very truly yours,
Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development
+1 512-555-0142


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Wednesday, March 23, 1983 03:18 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Ed Burris; Donna Clark

Categories: Project Update

Subject:    Project Update

Dear Team,

EMAIL START of actual project update. We've been working tirelessly to get our new OS up and running, and I'm thrilled to report that we're making fantastic progress. The team's skills are on full display, and I'm loving the problem-solving vibes.

Don't worry, I won't make you read a whole war-and-peace-length email about it. Suffice it to say: we're crushing this thing!

Cameron Howe
Lead Software Developer
+1 512-555-0147
Cardiff Electric
Software Development
