
From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Tuesday, March 29, 1983 04:21 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins

Categories:    Congratulations

Hi Joe,

Congratulations to you and Yo-Yo on getting the PC launch off the ground. I'm, uh, still trying to wrap my head around what happened. I mean, it's not every day that a bunch of hippies in a garage make a product that changes the world, right?

I have to admit, I'm feeling a little embarrassed about how things went down at the launch party. I mean, who spills coffee all over the CEO? Me, apparently. But hey, at least we got there in the end, right?

If you guys need any more help tweaking the product or fixing whatever issues come up, just give me a holler. I'll be here, trying to live down my reputation as the guy who almost ruined the launch.



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Tuesday, March 29, 1983 04:21 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins

Categories:    Congratulations

Hi Larry,

Wow, I'm thrilled to hear that the launch was a success! Yo-Yo and I have been pouring our hearts and souls into this thing, and it's amazing to see it all come together. I know we've had our fair share of challenges along the way, but it was all worth it in the end.

I really appreciate your support and technical expertise - we couldn't have done it without you! If we do need any more help refining the product, we'll definitely be reaching out to you and the Technical Support team. You've been a huge asset to us, Larry.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager
Cardiff Electric
Product Management


From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Tuesday, March 29, 1983 04:21 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories: Congratulations

Subject:    Congratulations on the Successful Launch!

Dear Joe and Yo-Yo,

EMAIL BODY

I just wanted to drop a line and congratulate both of you on the successful launch of the new PC. It's been a long haul, but we've finally gotten there! I'm proud of all the hard work that went into making it happen.

As you continue to refine the product, don't hesitate to reach out if you need any technical advice or troubleshooting assistance from the Technical Support team. We're here to help and want to make sure your product is running smoothly.

