
From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Thursday, March 31, 1983 12:18 PM
To:      Donna Clark

Categories:    Training and Development

Dear Barry,

I'm stressed out. And to be honest, your email just made me even more stressed. You're saying that nobody's getting on board with training and development initiatives? That our trainers are winging it? That we should focus on smaller, more manageable goals instead of trying to revolutionize everything overnight?

Barry, I don't know what kind of world you're living in, but this is Cardiff Electric. We don't do "smaller" or "manageable." We do big. We do bold. And we do it with reckless abandon.

But you know what? You might be right. Maybe our trainers are the problem. Maybe they need more guidance and support. And maybe that's exactly what I'll do when I meet with them. Because, let me tell you, Barry, I am not going to sit idly by while our training programs continue to fail.

You think it's just about giving our trainers a little bit of help? Please. This is about accountability. This is about results. And this is about getting what we want, when we want it.

I'll be scheduling a meeting with you soon to discuss this further. And I expect you to come prepared with some actual solutions instead of just more problems.



From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Thursday, March 31, 1983 12:18 PM
To:      Donna Clark

Categories:    Training and Development

Hi Donna,

I'm getting a little nervous about all of this. I mean, I understand where you're coming from and I agree that the training and development initiatives have been a bit of a letdown. But, honestly, I don't know what to do about it. I've been trying to rally the troops, but it seems like nobody's really getting on board with the whole thing.

I think part of the problem is that we're trying to boil the ocean here. We're expecting too much from these training sessions and not giving them enough time to really take hold. And then there's the fact that our trainers are basically just winging it. I mean, what are they supposed to do? They're not exactly experts in the field.

I guess my point is that maybe we should be focusing on smaller, more manageable goals instead of trying to revolutionize the way we do things overnight. And maybe, just maybe, we should be giving our trainers a little bit more guidance and support. I don't know, Donna. What do you think?

Very truly yours,
Barry Shields
+1 512-555-0166
Senior Counsel, Cardiff Electric, Legal



From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Thursday, March 31, 1983 12:18 PM
To:      Barry Shields

Categories: Training and Development

Subject: Disappointing Training and Development Outcomes


Dear Barry,

I am writing to express my disappointment and frustration regarding the recent training and development initiatives within our department. Despite my clear expectations, we have not seen the desired outcomes from these efforts.

As you are aware, I had specifically emphasized the need for focused instruction on specific technical skills, yet it appears that the training sessions have instead been overly theoretical and lacking in practical application. Furthermore, the lack of measurable goals and evaluations has made it difficult to assess the effectiveness of these initiatives.


I expect a higher level of commitment from our trainers and developers going forward. I will be scheduling a meeting with you to discuss this matter further and outline concrete steps to improve our training programs.


Sincerely,
Donna Clark
+1 512-555-0156
Director of Operations, Cardiff Electric, Operations Department
