
From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Thursday, March 31, 1983 10:37 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski; Yo-Yo Engberk; John Bosworth

Categories:    Contract Negotiation

Hi John,

I'm feeling inspired, my friend! Your email lit a fire under me. I've been thinking about contract negotiation strategies nonstop since I read your message. You're absolutely right - we need to take calculated risks and be willing to get our hands dirty.

I love what you said about being aggressive in our approach. Sometimes, you just have to lean into the fray and see what happens. And hey, if that means we come out stronger on the other side, I'm all for it.

As for your proposal to schedule a meeting with everyone, I think that's a fantastic idea. Let's get together and hash out our strategy. I'm always up for a good brainstorming session.



From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Thursday, March 31, 1983 10:37 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk; John Bosworth

Categories:    Contract Negotiation

Dear John,

I'm not sure what to make of your suggestion to get more aggressive in our contract negotiation strategies. On one hand, I understand where you're coming from - we do need to take a stand and protect our interests. But on the other hand, I'm worried that being too aggressive might backfire and put us at a disadvantage.

As Chief Engineer, I've seen how things can go awry when we get too caught up in the heat of the moment. We need to be smart about this, not impulsive. I'd like to propose that instead of rushing into a meeting to discuss strategy, we take some time to really think through our approach and identify potential pitfalls.

Let's not forget, John, we're dealing with people here - people who have their own agendas and motivations. We can't just steamroll over them; we need to find common ground and build relationships that will serve us well in the long run.

I'm not saying I don't think you're right about needing to take calculated risks, but let's make sure we're taking a step back and thinking carefully before we leap. I'd like to propose a meeting with just you and me to discuss this further, see if we can find some common ground.

Very truly yours,

Gordon Clark
Chief Engineer
Cardiff Electric Engineering
+1 512-555-0198


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, March 31, 1983 10:37 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Gordon Clark; Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories: Contract Negotiation

Subject: Contract Negotiation Strategies


Hi Larry, Gordon, Debbie, Malcolm, and Yo-Yo,

I'm sitting here in my office, looking back at the last few weeks, and I've gotta say, it's been a wild ride. We're making progress, but we're not there yet. That's why I wanted to take a moment to talk about our contract negotiation strategies.

As you know, we've got some tough negotiations ahead of us, and I want to make sure we're all on the same page. I think it's time for us to get more aggressive in our approach. We need to be willing to take calculated risks if that means we'll come out stronger in the long run.

I'd like to schedule a meeting with all of you to discuss our strategy and come up with a plan moving forward. Let me know your availability, and I'll work something out.

Take care,

John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric
Sales Department
+1 512-555-0179
