
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Monday, April 04, 1983 12:30 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Larry Goins

Categories:    Social Event

Hi Larry,

What is this, some kind of joke? You're feeling guilty about not introducing yourself properly at a social event? Come on, man. We're adults here. If someone didn't get your name, that's their problem, not yours.

And don't even get me started on these "icebreaker games" you're talking about. Newsflash: we're not a bunch of school kids trying to make friends in gym class. We're professionals, Larry. Let's just stick to having a good time without all the forced small talk and silly activities.

As for your little technical focus thing, let me tell you something - it's great that you can fix machines, but we're not all about technology around here. We've got hearts and souls too, you know. And that counts for more than any fancy tech skills.

So go ahead with your social event, Larry. See if I care. Just don't expect me to participate in any of your silly games or activities. I'll stick to my own devices, thank you very much.



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Monday, April 04, 1983 12:30 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Gordon Clark; Larry Goins

Categories:    Social Event

Hi Larry,

You're having some kind of social event and now you're feeling guilty about not introducing yourself properly? Oh, please. You think we care about your icebreaker games or activities? Newsflash: we don't. We just want to have a good time without all the forced small talk.

And another thing, what's with this "technical focus" of yours? You think you're so much better than everyone else because you can fix some fancy machines? Well, let me tell you something, Larry. We may not be as smart as you, but we have hearts and souls. And that counts for a lot more than any fancy tech skills.

So go ahead with your little social event. See if I care. Just don't expect me to participate in any of your silly games or activities. I'll stick to my own devices, thank you very much.



From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Monday, April 04, 1983 12:30 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Gordon Clark; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Social Event

Subject: Social Event - A Little Regrettable Request

Dear Ed, Gordon, and Debbie,

EMAIL BODY
I'm reaching out to express some regret regarding our team-building social event last week. I know we all had a great time, but as I was reflecting on it, I realized that I didn't quite get around to introducing myself properly to everyone. With my technical focus, I sometimes get caught up in the details and forget to connect with others on a personal level.

Going forward, I'd like to make sure that our social events are not only fun but also an opportunity for us to build stronger relationships as colleagues. To that end, I was thinking of organizing a few icebreaker games or activities at our next gathering to help facilitate more meaningful interactions.

I value your input and would appreciate any suggestions you might have on how we can make our team-building events more effective. Let's work together to foster a sense of camaraderie within our team!

EMAIL SIGNATURE
Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician, Cardiff Electric, Technical Support
