
From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Tuesday, April 05, 1983 01:29 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Joe MacMillan; Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski; John Bosworth

Categories:    Press Release

Dear John,

Sorrowful doesn't even begin to describe how I'm feeling about that press release. It's like we're just going through the motions, waiting for something to happen instead of making it happen ourselves. I mean, what's the point of even having a press release if nobody cares?

I've been thinking a lot about this, and I think you're right - we need to shake things up. But bringing in outside help? That's just going to mean more people telling us what we already know: that our ideas are stupid. No thanks.

We need to stop looking for shortcuts and start putting in the real work. We need to make something worth talking about, not just a press release that nobody cares about. And I think that starts with taking a hard look at ourselves and what we're really trying to accomplish.

Let's grab lunch soon and talk more about this. Maybe we can even come up with some ideas that don't involve bringing in outsiders.



From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Tuesday, April 05, 1983 01:29 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Barry Shields; Joe MacMillan; Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski; John Bosworth

Categories:    Press Release

Dear John,

Hey, I'm not gonna sugarcoat it - that press release was a total bummer. I mean, we put our hearts and souls into it, but it seems like nobody cared. I know we were all expecting some kind of big splash, but it just didn't happen.

I think we need to take a step back and rethink our strategy. We can't keep doing the same thing over and over again and expect different results. Maybe it's time for us to shake things up and try something new.

I've been thinking about this a lot lately, and I think we could benefit from bringing in some outside help. Maybe someone who's not stuck in our little Cardiff Electric world could bring some fresh ideas to the table.

Let me know what you think. Maybe we can grab lunch and talk more about it?



From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Tuesday, April 05, 1983 01:29 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Barry Shields; Joe MacMillan; Larry Goins; Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Press Release

Subject: 

Disappointing Press Release Results


Hi Malcolm, Barry, Joe, Larry, Yo-Yo, and Debbie,

I'm writing to express my disappointment with our recent press release. Despite our best efforts, we didn't generate the buzz we were hoping for. I know we all put in a lot of work, but it seems like it fell flat.

As your VP of Sales, I want to make sure we're not just going through the motions. We need to regroup and come up with a new strategy that will get us the attention we deserve. I'm willing to listen to any ideas you all may have on how to turn this around.


John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
+1 512-555-0179
Cardiff Electric
Sales

