
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Tuesday, April 05, 1983 03:34 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Larry Goins; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Industry News

Dear Joe,

I'm still trying to wrap my head around the fact that we're even having a conversation about IBM's new PC architecture. I mean, what are they doing? Trying to make it impossible for us to compete? Newsflash: it's not like we were ahead of the curve anyway.

Look, I know Ed is all about capitalizing on this shift and repositioning ourselves as leaders in the industry. But let me tell you, Joe, that's just a bunch of corporate nonsense. We're not going to innovate our way out of this mess. We're going to get trampled by these behemoths like we always do.

And don't even get me started on that emergency meeting. What are we going to discuss? "Oh, let's try to stay ahead of the curve... again." No thanks. I'm not wasting my time on some futile attempt to keep up with the Joneses.

Very truly yours,
John Bosworth
+1 512-555-0179
Vice President of Sales, Cardiff Electric, Sales


From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Tuesday, April 05, 1983 03:34 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; John Bosworth; Larry Goins; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Industry News

Hi Joe,
I'm thrilled to hear about IBM's new PC architecture. It's an exciting time for our industry, and Cardiff Electric is in a unique position to capitalize on these developments. An emergency meeting sounds like just what we need to stay ahead of the curve. I'm available anytime this week - let me know when you'd like to schedule it.
I've been thinking a lot about our company's direction, and I believe we should take advantage of this shift to reposition ourselves as leaders in the industry. There are plenty of opportunities for us to innovate and differentiate ourselves from the competition. I'm looking forward to discussing these ideas with you and the team.
Let me know what you think.

Very truly yours,
Ed Burris
+1 512-555-0155
Project Manager, Cardiff Electric


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Tuesday, April 05, 1983 03:34 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Gordon Clark; John Bosworth; Larry Goins

Categories: Industry News

Subject: 

The Future of Computing is Upon Us!

Dear Ed, Gordon, John, and Larry,

I just wanted to take a moment to express my gratitude for all that we've accomplished at Cardiff Electric. It's an incredible feeling to be part of something truly groundbreaking. And speaking of which, I wanted to bring your attention to some exciting developments in the industry.

Did you hear about IBM's recent announcement on their new PC architecture? It's a game-changer. The possibilities are endless, and I firmly believe that Cardiff Electric is poised to take advantage of this shift. We need to stay ahead of the curve, and I propose we schedule an emergency meeting to discuss our strategy going forward.

Let me know your availability, and we'll make it happen.

Best regards,
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager, Product Management
Cardiff Electric
