
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Friday, April 08, 1983 01:05 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Internal Announcement

Dear Debbie,

Are you kidding me? You're really telling us to "review the updated guidelines" and "adhere to them moving forward"? Do you know what a joke that is? We've been doing this same thing for years, and suddenly it's all about "improving efficiency and accuracy". Give me a break.

And what's with the "new procedures for order fulfillment"? You're not even trying to hide your true intentions. This is just another attempt to micromanage our department from on high. Newsflash: we don't need more rules, Debbie. We just need you to get out of the way and let us do our jobs.

So, no, I won't be "reviewing the updated guidelines" anytime soon. And neither will Gordon or Larry. You can bet your bottom dollar that we'll be ignoring these new procedures like they're a bad joke.

Very truly yours,

Yo-Yo Engberk
+1 512-555-0142
Programmer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Friday, April 08, 1983 01:05 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Gordon Clark; Larry Goins

Categories: Internal Announcement

Subject: Internal Announcement - New Procedures for Order Fulfillment

Dear Yo-Yo, Gordon, and Larry,

I wanted to take a moment to remind everyone that our new procedures for order fulfillment are now in place. As you know, this change was made to improve efficiency and accuracy in our department.

Please make sure to review the updated guidelines and adhere to them moving forward. If you have any questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to reach out to me directly.

As we continue to grow and evolve as a company, it's essential that we maintain our high standards of quality and customer service. I'm confident that with these new procedures in place, we'll be able to better meet the needs of our customers and colleagues alike.

Best regards,

Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Administration
Cardiff Electric
