
From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Friday, April 08, 1983 10:38 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Congratulations

Dear Ed,

Devastated doesn't even begin to describe how I'm feeling right now. Your congratulations are...I don't know, man, they're just not sinking in. It's like we're stuck in some kind of existential crisis and can't find our way out.

Look, I get it. The numbers are up, sales are good...but what does any of that even mean? Is this just some kind of cruel joke? I don't know if you've noticed, Ed, but things have been getting pretty hairy around here lately.

Anyway, thanks for the acknowledgement. I guess it's nice to feel like someone out there is paying attention. But honestly, can we just take a moment to freak out about this whole situation together?



From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Friday, April 08, 1983 10:38 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Congratulations

Hi Debbie,

Congrats are in order, but honestly, I'm still trying to wrap my head around all of this. I mean, we're talking about a significant uptick in sales here. It's like...what? How did we even get here? I feel like I've been stuck in some kind of time loop and I just can't seem to catch up.

Anyway, thank you for acknowledging my contributions. I guess it's nice to know that someone out there is paying attention. But let me tell you, it's not all sunshine and rainbows around here. We're still trying to figure out how to deal with the fallout from the previous campaign. It's like...I don't know, man.

I'll keep on keeping on, but please, for the love of all things holy, give me a break. I'm overwhelmed.

Very truly yours,
Ed Burris
+1 512-555-0155
Project Manager
Cardiff Electric


From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Friday, April 08, 1983 10:38 AM
To:      Ed Burris

Categories: Congratulations

Subject: Congratulations!

Dear Ed,

Congratulations are in order - we're thrilled to see our efforts paying off! The new marketing campaign has shown a significant uptick in sales, and we're grateful for your hard work and dedication.

As you continue to drive results, I want to acknowledge your contributions. Your passion and expertise have made a real difference in the success of Cardiff Electric.

Keep up the fantastic work!

Best regards,
Debbie Malinowski
Secretary
+1 512-555-0133
Cardiff Electric
Administration

