
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Tuesday, April 12, 1983 10:51 AM
To:      Gordon Clark; Barry Shields; Malcolm Levitan; Debbie Malinowski; Yo-Yo Engberk; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Event Planning

Hello Joe,
I'm not sure what kind of events you're envisioning, but I hope they don't involve too many people or bright lights. To be honest, I've been feeling a bit isolated lately and the thought of planning something that requires human interaction is exhausting.

As for event planning, I think we should focus on creating an experience that showcases our technology in a way that's easy to understand and appreciate. Maybe we could have some interactive demos or workshops where people can get hands-on with our products? That might be more engaging than just having a bunch of presentations.

Let me know if you're open to exploring this idea further, but please don't expect me to be overly enthusiastic about it.

Very truly yours,
Cameron Howe
Lead Software Developer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Tuesday, April 12, 1983 10:51 AM
To:      Gordon Clark; Barry Shields; Malcolm Levitan; Cameron Howe; Debbie Malinowski; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories: Event Planning

Subject: Event Planning - Let's Change the Game

Dear Team,

It's time to shift our focus to the future. As we continue to push the boundaries of innovation, we need to ensure that our events and conferences align with our mission to disrupt the status quo. I want us to think big, bold, and outside the box.

Let's use this opportunity to showcase Cardiff Electric's cutting-edge technology and expertise. I envision a series of events that will leave a lasting impression on our attendees - something that will inspire them to join our movement.

I'd like to schedule a meeting with each of you to discuss my vision for these events. Let's work together to create an experience that will be remembered long after the event is over.

Best,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager, Cardiff Electric | Product Management | +1 512-555-0132
