
From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Wednesday, April 13, 1983 03:16 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Larry Goins

Categories:    Industry News

Dear Donna,

I'm feeling pretty tender about the latest industry news. PC Magazine just released their top 10 list of most influential tech companies, and let me tell you, it's got me thinking. Cardiff Electric didn't make the cut this time around, but I'm not surprised - we're still finding our footing.

I did notice that Apple is getting a lot of attention lately, and I have to admit, their Macintosh line has piqued my interest. It'll be interesting to see how they play out in the market. And of course, IBM and Microsoft are still the big players.

I'd love to discuss some of the implications with you. Maybe we can grab a drink sometime and talk about it?



From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Wednesday, April 13, 1983 03:16 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Larry Goins

Categories:    Industry News

Hi Larry,

Thanks for sharing that industry news article with us. It's always interesting to see who's making waves in the tech world. I'm not surprised Cardiff Electric didn't make the cut - we're still trying to get our footing, after all! But it's great to see some familiar names on the list.

I did notice that Apple is getting a lot of attention lately, and I have to admit I'm intrigued by their Macintosh line. We've been exploring similar ideas over here at Cardiff Electric, so it'll be interesting to see how they play out in the market.

Let me know if you get a chance to read anything else on the topic - I'd love to discuss some of the implications with you.

Very truly yours,
Donna Clark
Director of Operations
Cardiff Electric
Operations


From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Wednesday, April 13, 1983 03:16 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Donna Clark

Categories: Industry News

Subject: Industry News - PC Magazine's Top 10 List


Dear Barry and Donna,

I'm writing to share some interesting industry news that caught my attention. PC Magazine just released their top 10 list of most influential technology companies, and I think it's worth taking a look. Cardiff Electric didn't make the cut this time around, but there are some familiar names on the list.

From what I've read, IBM is still killing it in the mainframe department, while Apple is making waves with their new Macintosh line. And of course, Microsoft is still the king of software. It's always fascinating to see how these big players shape the industry and push innovation forward.

If you get a chance to glance at the article, let me know what you think. I'd love to discuss some of the trends and implications with you both.

Best regards,
Larry Goins
Support Technician | Cardiff Electric | Technical Support | +1 512-555-0144
