
From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Wednesday, April 13, 1983 01:08 PM
To:      Ed Burris

Categories:    Expense Report

Hi Ed,

I love days like today. There's something about the smell of fresh coffee and the sound of my IBM PC churning out some code that just gets me pumped. And then I read your email, and it's like you're speaking directly to my soul - expense reports are what get me going!

You're right, we do need to get our expenses under control. But let me tell you, I've got a plan. We can cut costs on component X by 20%, not just 15%. And as for supplier Y, I've already started negotiating with them. I'm like a dog with a bone when it comes to saving us some cash.

As for unnecessary travel expenses, I think we can eliminate those entirely. Why are we wasting our time and money flying around the country when we could be coding up a storm right here in Austin? It's all about prioritizing what matters most - and what matters most is getting Cardiff Electric's software development projects done on time and within budget.

So, you can count on me to get to work on this ASAP. I'll make sure our expenses are in check and we're making the most of every penny. You won't have to worry about a thing.

Very truly yours,

Malcolm Levitan
+1 512-555-0182
Programmer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development


From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Wednesday, April 13, 1983 01:08 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Expense Report

Subject: Expense Report


Dear Malcolm,

I'm writing to discuss the current state of our project's expenses. As you know, we're under pressure to stay within budget, and I'm concerned that we're not quite there yet.

* Current expenses: $123,456
* Projected expenses: $145,678
* Budget: $125,000

I've outlined the key areas where we need to make adjustments below:

• Reduce costs on component X by 15%
• Eliminate unnecessary travel expenses by 20%
• Negotiate a better rate with supplier Y

Malcolm, I'm counting on your expertise in this area. We need to get our expenses back on track ASAP.

