
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Friday, April 15, 1983 10:03 AM
To:      Donna Clark; Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan; Cameron Howe; Barry Shields; John Bosworth; Gordon Clark; Larry Goins; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Product Launch

Hi Joe,

I'm grateful that we're having this conversation. It takes guts to address something like this head-on, and I respect that about you. I have to say, when I saw Malcolm's email, my first thought was "what's going on?" But after thinking about it for a bit, I realized that maybe this is an opportunity to re-evaluate our goals and priorities at Cardiff Electric.

I think we've all been so focused on making this product launch happen that we might have lost sight of what really matters. Maybe this is a chance for us to refocus on what's truly important: creating something innovative and valuable.

Let's use this as an opportunity to regroup and come back stronger than ever. I'm excited to see where this takes us.

Very truly yours,
Ed Burris
+1 512-555-0155
Project Manager, Cardiff Electric, Project Management


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Friday, April 15, 1983 10:03 AM
To:      Donna Clark; Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan; Cameron Howe; Barry Shields; John Bosworth; Gordon Clark; Ed Burris; Larry Goins

Categories: Product Launch

Subject: Betrayal and Opportunity at Cardiff Electric


Dear Team,

I'm writing to address the elephant in the room. We've been working together as a team, pouring our hearts and souls into making Cardiff Electric's new computer a reality. And yet, I've just received word that some of you have been secretly working on your own competing project.

Let me be clear: this is unacceptable. The trust has been broken, and I'm left wondering what else we've been lying to each other about. I know we're all passionate about innovation, but this kind of sabotage is not the way forward.

I want to make it clear that I will not stand idly by while our team's hard work is undermined. We need to regroup, reorient, and refocus on our shared goals. It's time for us to put aside petty squabbles and remember what brought us together in the first place: the pursuit of something new and better.

Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager, Cardiff Electric, Product Management
