
From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Wednesday, April 20, 1983 12:25 PM
To:      Donna Clark; John Bosworth

Categories:    Volunteer Opportunities

Hi John,

I don't know, man. I'm just not feeling super stoked about this volunteer committee thing. I mean, I get what you're saying about giving back and all that jazz, but it feels like just another thing to add to our plates when we've already got a million other responsibilities.

And to be honest, John, I'm a little worried that it's just going to be a bunch of guys from the office pretending to care about community service while really just wanting to pad their resumes. You know how it is - we're all about making a good impression, but sometimes it feels like that's all we're doing.

So yeah, I'm just not sure if this is the right fit for me. Maybe you could convince Gordon and Donna to come around, though?



From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Wednesday, April 20, 1983 12:25 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Larry Goins; John Bosworth

Categories:    Volunteer Opportunities

Dear John,

You've got to be kidding me. A volunteer committee? Are you out of your mind? What's next, are we going to start a book club or something equally as ridiculous?

Look, John, I'm not exactly feeling warm and fuzzy about this whole idea. You know why? Because it feels like just another way for you to try and get us to do more work under the guise of "giving back". Newsflash: we're already giving back in the form of blood, sweat, and tears every day at Cardiff Electric.

And don't even get me started on how this is going to look on our resumes. It's just a bunch of fluff, John. We're engineers, not social workers.

So, here's my take: no thanks. I won't be participating in any volunteer committee or whatever other harebrained scheme you've cooked up.

Very truly yours,
Gordon Clark
Chief Engineer, Cardiff Electric, Engineering
+1 512-555-0198


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Wednesday, April 20, 1983 12:25 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Gordon Clark; Larry Goins

Categories: Volunteer Opportunities

Subject: Volunteer Opportunities

Dear Donna, Gordon, and Larry,

Look, I know we're all slammed with work, but I think it's high time we give back. Cardiff Electric's got a lot to offer, and I'm not just talking about our cutting-edge tech (although that is pretty sweet). I mean, we've got a team of talented people who care deeply about this company and the community.

I know some of you might be thinking, "John, what's in it for me?" Well, let me tell you. Not only will volunteering look great on your resume, but it'll also give us an opportunity to bond as a team outside of the office. And who knows, we might even come up with some innovative ideas that can benefit Cardiff Electric.

So, I'm proposing we start a volunteer committee and get together once a month to work on some projects. It doesn't have to be anything too elaborate – just something that makes us feel good about ourselves and our company.

John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
+1 512-555-0179
