
From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Sunday, April 24, 1983 04:47 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Larry Goins

Categories:    Health and Safety

Dear Gordon,

I'm grateful to hear that our team is focused on health and safety. It's great to see everyone looking out for each other. As we continue to work on new projects, it's more important than ever that we follow established procedures for reporting incidents and conducting regular equipment checks.

In the technical support department, we take pride in ensuring a safe working environment for all employees. I'm happy to provide guidance and support if anyone has questions or concerns about these procedures. Let's keep up the good work!



From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Sunday, April 24, 1983 04:47 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Larry Goins

Categories:    Health and Safety

Hi Larry,

I'm sittin' here feelin' mighty sorrowful, thinkin' about all these health and safety procedures. You know, I used to be a wild man, takin' risks and pushin' limits. But then I got hurt, and now I'm stuck in this chair, wondering what could've been.

But enough about me. Your email's got my attention. You're right, we do need to make sure everyone's followin' the proper procedures for reportin' incidents and conductin' equipment checks. It's just common sense, you know? We can't have people gettin' hurt or damage to our gear.

Now, I'm not sayin' it's easy. Sometimes it feels like a bunch of bureaucratic nonsense. But deep down, I know we're all tryin' to do the right thing here at Cardiff Electric.

So, yeah, let's keep on top of these health and safety procedures. It's the least we can do for each other.



From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Sunday, April 24, 1983 04:47 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; John Bosworth

Categories: Health and Safety

Subject: Health and Safety Procedures


Dear Gordon and John,

I'm glad to see that our team's focus on health and safety is paying off. As we continue to work on the new project, I wanted to remind everyone about our established procedures for reporting incidents and conducting regular equipment checks.

In our technical support department, we take pride in ensuring a safe working environment for all employees. To that end, please refer to our company's health and safety manual for guidelines on reporting any accidents or near-misses, as well as protocols for handling hazardous materials.

If you have any questions or concerns about these procedures, don't hesitate to reach out to me or your supervisor. I'm always happy to provide guidance and support.


Best regards,
Larry Goins
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support
+1 512-555-0144
