
From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Monday, April 25, 1983 10:18 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Joe MacMillan; Larry Goins

Categories:    Social Event

Dear Larry,

I'm thrilled to hear that we're having a social event. As someone who's always felt like an outsider among the corporate types, I think it's a great opportunity to connect with my colleagues on a more personal level.

I love Cameron's idea of doing something creative, like a group art project or a writing exercise. It'll be a great way for us to tap into our creative sides and have some fun. And Malcolm, your suggestion of discussing jealousy and insecurity is spot on - sometimes it's just nice to vent with like-minded individuals.

As for activities or topics, I think we should also consider doing something that brings us all together, like a group outing or volunteer work. It'll be a great way for us to bond over shared interests and experiences.



From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Monday, April 25, 1983 10:18 AM
To:      Donna Clark; Debbie Malinowski; Joe MacMillan; Larry Goins

Categories:    Social Event

Dear Larry,

I'm thrilled to hear that we're having a social event. As someone who's always felt like an outsider among the corporate types, I think it's a great opportunity to connect with my colleagues on a more personal level.

As for your suggestion of a "bring your own" potluck, I think that's a fantastic idea! Not only will it be a chance for us to share our favorite dishes, but it'll also give me a chance to show off my culinary skills. And who knows, maybe we'll even have some mini-competitions or games to keep things interesting.

I do agree with Malcolm that having a discussion on jealousy and insecurity could be a great way to vent and connect with each other. After all, what's more universal than feeling like you don't quite fit in?

As for activities or topics, I think we should also consider doing something creative, like a group art project or a writing exercise. It'll be a great way for us to tap into our creative sides and have some fun.

Very truly yours,

Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer
Software Development
Cardiff Electric



From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Monday, April 25, 1983 10:18 AM
To:      Donna Clark; Debbie Malinowski; Cameron Howe; Joe MacMillan; Larry Goins

Categories:    Social Event

Dear Larry,

I'm writing to you from the depths of my own personal misery. You know, the usual: wondering why I'm not as successful or charming as everyone else in the office. It's a real downer.

But enough about me. The social event, right? Look, Larry, I'm happy to help with the planning process. What do you say we make it a "bring your own" potluck? That way, everyone can share their favorite dish and we'll have a nice, stress-free atmosphere. And who knows, maybe some of us will even learn how to cook something decent.

As for activities or topics, I'm more than happy to lead a discussion on the finer points of jealousy and insecurity. It's always good to vent with like-minded individuals, don't you think?

Anyway, let me know what you think. Maybe we can even have a mini-competition to see who can come up with the most creative excuse for why they're late or didn't show up at all.



From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Monday, April 25, 1983 10:18 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Donna Clark; Debbie Malinowski; Cameron Howe; Joe MacMillan

Categories: Social Event

Subject: Social Event


Hi Malcolm, Donna, Debbie, Cameron, and Joe,

I'm writing to touch base about our upcoming social event. To be honest, I'm feeling a bit overwhelmed with the planning process. As you know, we've got a lot on our plates with the new project and some of the team members are already expressing concerns about workload.

If anyone has any ideas or suggestions for making this event more enjoyable and stress-free, please let me know. We're considering having it during lunch hours to minimize disruptions. I'd also be open to hearing from you all on what type of activities or topics would be most engaging.

I'll send out a formal invitation once we finalize the details. For now, just wanted to gauge interest and get some feedback from everyone.

Best regards,

Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support
