
From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Monday, April 25, 1983 09:14 AM
To:      Donna Clark; Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields; Ed Burris

Categories:    Training and Development

Hi Ed,

I don't know how many times I have to say this, but training and development are crucial to our success. I'm not just talking about throwing some code reviews and workshops together; I'm talking about genuine investment in our people. And let me tell you, as a support technician, I see the impact of inadequate training on a daily basis.

I agree that we need to prioritize PC architecture training for all engineering staff by June 15th, but what about providing additional support for those who are struggling? What about creating a mentorship program or offering one-on-one coaching sessions? I mean, come on Ed, you know as well as I do that not everyone is going to pick up this stuff overnight.

I'm not trying to be negative here, but I think we're overlooking some critical factors. We need to make sure our training and development efforts are holistic and address the needs of all employees, not just the ones who are already excelling.



From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Monday, April 25, 1983 09:14 AM
To:      Donna Clark; Debbie Malinowski; Larry Goins; Barry Shields

Categories: Training and Development

Subject: 

Training and Development Objectives for Q2

Dear Donna, Debbie, Larry, Barry,

I'm writing to outline our Training and Development objectives for the second quarter of 1983. As we continue to push forward with the development of our new PC platform, it's essential that we prioritize the upskilling of our team members.

Key objectives:

• Complete PC architecture training for all engineering staff by June 15th
• Conduct regular code reviews and provide feedback to improve coding standards
• Develop a comprehensive knowledge base for our proprietary operating system
• Schedule quarterly workshops on advanced software development techniques

I believe that by focusing on these areas, we'll be well-prepared to tackle the challenges ahead and maintain our competitive edge.

Best regards,
Ed Burris
Project Manager
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0155
