
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, April 28, 1983 02:37 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields; Ed Burris; Larry Goins; Yo-Yo Engberk; Cameron Howe; Malcolm Levitan; Joe MacMillan; Gordon Clark

Categories:    System Outage

Hi Gordon,

I'm thrilled to hear that you've identified the root cause of our system outage and are making progress in implementing a solution. It's always great to see problems solved, especially when they're as frustrating as this one has been.

I think it's fantastic that we're not only fixing the immediate issue but also taking steps to ensure that our backup procedures are robust enough to handle any unexpected events. That kind of proactive thinking is what I love about Cardiff Electric - we're always looking for ways to improve and grow.

Please let me know if there's anything I can do to help with the review process or if you'd like me to spread the word to the sales team about our progress. We're all eager to get back to business as usual and start driving those deals again!

Very truly yours,

John Bosworth
+1 512-555-0179
Vice President of Sales
Sales Department
Cardiff Electric


From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Thursday, April 28, 1983 02:37 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields; Ed Burris; Larry Goins; John Bosworth; Yo-Yo Engberk; Cameron Howe; Malcolm Levitan; Joe MacMillan

Categories: System Outage

Subject: System Outage


Dear All,

I'm excited to share that we've identified the root cause of our system outage and are making progress in implementing a solution. Our analysis suggests that the issue stems from an incorrect configuration setting in the database, which has been corrected.

The revised system architecture ensures a more robust and scalable infrastructure, minimizing the risk of future outages. I'll be conducting a thorough review of our backup procedures to ensure we're adequately prepared for any unexpected events.

Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns. I'm happy to discuss further.

Best regards,

Gordon Clark
+1 512-555-0198
Chief Engineer, Engineering Department
Cardiff Electric

