
From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Thursday, April 28, 1983 02:31 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; John Bosworth

Categories:    Invoice

Hi John,

I've gotta say, I'm loving the optimism around here lately. It's contagious, man. You're right; we don't need to overcomplicate things with some fancy invoice process improvement. Sometimes less is more, especially when it comes to dealing with customers.

Let's keep things simple and straightforward. That way, everyone wins. And who knows? Maybe we'll even make a few bucks in the process. I'm all for that.

As you know, I've been around the block a few times. I've seen my fair share of ups and downs, but I still believe that with a little bit of common sense and some good old-fashioned hard work, we can make this work.

So, count me in on that meeting to discuss how we can put some common sense into our invoice process. Let's get together and talk about how we can streamline things without sacrificing our human touch.

Cheers!



From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, April 28, 1983 02:31 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Joe MacMillan; John Bosworth

Categories:    Invoice

Hi Larry,

Joy, pure joy. You're telling me we don't need to overcomplicate things with some fancy invoice process improvement. You want to know what I think? I think you're absolutely right on the money. Sometimes less is more, especially when it comes to dealing with customers.

Let's not forget, we're in this for one reason: to make a buck. And if we can do that while still being honest and upfront with our customers, then all the better. I'm not saying we need to be slick or manipulative, but let's keep things simple and straightforward. That way, everyone wins.

So, count me in on that meeting you're so keen to avoid. Let's get together and talk about how we can put some common sense into our invoice process. I'm all for it.



From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Thursday, April 28, 1983 02:31 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Joe MacMillan; John Bosworth

Categories:    Invoice

Hi John,

I don't know what's going on lately, but everything feels like it's spinning out of control. Invoice process improvement? Sounds like a bunch of corporate nonsense to me. I mean, what's wrong with just sending people bills and hoping they pay?

Look, I get it. You want to make more money. But do we really need to complicate things even further? Can't we just...I don't know...just be honest with our customers for once? Tell 'em straight up that we're trying to make a buck off 'em, and then let 'em decide whether or not they wanna play along.

You know what's gonna happen if we start streamlining our workflow and simplifying the payment process? We're gonna end up losing even more of our human touch. People are already starting to feel like just another dollar sign to you, and this is just gonna make it worse.

So, no, I don't think I'll be joining you for that meeting to discuss how we can "put these ideas into action." You can count me out, John. I'm outta here.

Very truly yours,

Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144 | Support Technician, Cardiff Electric | Technical Support



From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, April 28, 1983 02:31 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Larry Goins; Joe MacMillan

Categories: Invoice

Subject: Invoice Process Improvement


Dear Barry, Larry, and Joe,

Let's get down to business. We're not generating enough revenue from our current invoice process, and I'm calling on each of you to help us turn that around. I believe we can streamline our workflow and increase sales if we focus on simplifying the payment process.

I've identified a few key areas where we can make some changes: reducing processing time, improving customer communication, and eliminating unnecessary steps. I think this will not only boost our numbers but also show our customers we're committed to making their experience with Cardiff Electric seamless.

Let's get together soon to discuss how we can put these ideas into action. I'm confident that with your expertise, we can make a real difference in our sales department.

Best,
John Bosworth
+1 512-555-0179 | Vice President of Sales, Cardiff Electric | Sales Department
