
From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Tuesday, May 03, 1983 12:03 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Hi Debbie,

Thanks for reaching out and sharing your thoughts on personal milestones. I'm feeling grateful these days, reflecting on my own journey. It's amazing how life can take unexpected turns, but ultimately lead us to where we're meant to be.

I love that you're exploring creative projects outside of work - it's a great way to recharge and bring new perspectives back into the office. Speaking of which, I've been meaning to ask you about your volunteer work at the local animal shelter. How did you get involved, and what do you enjoy most about it?

As for me, I'm still figuring out my own personal milestone - trying to balance being a Senior Counsel with my passion for photography. It's not always easy, but it's rewarding to see how art can bring people together.

Let's definitely plan that group outing or workshop soon! Who knows what creative projects we'll come up with?



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Tuesday, May 03, 1983 12:03 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Barry Shields; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Hi Cameron,

I just love seeing people find their passions and pursue them with enthusiasm. Your message about finding a sense of purpose outside of coding warmed my heart. It's wonderful that you're exploring new hobbies and interests - it's always exciting to discover new aspects of ourselves, isn't it?

As someone who wears many hats (literally!), I can relate to the idea that there's more to life than just getting the job done. While I do love being a part of Cardiff Electric's Administration team, I also find joy in volunteering at the local animal shelter and practicing yoga.

I think it would be fantastic if we could collaborate on some creative projects outside of work! Maybe we can even plan a group outing or workshop to share our skills and learn from each other. Who knows - maybe we'll start a Cardiff Electric Creative Brigade!

Best,
Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Administration
Cardiff Electric



From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Tuesday, May 03, 1983 12:03 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Donna Clark; Barry Shields

Categories: Personal Milestone

Subject:    My Newfound Sense of Purpose


Hello Debbie, Donna, and Barry,

I'm writing to share something that's been on my mind lately. As you know, I've been pushing boundaries and taking risks in my work at Cardiff Electric. But what's really got me excited is the sense of purpose I'm finding outside of coding. It sounds weird, but being part of this team has made me realize that there's more to life than just writing code.

I've started exploring some new hobbies and interests, and it's amazing how much it's enriched my perspective. Don't get me wrong, I still love solving problems and creating something from nothing – but now I have a sense of fulfillment that goes beyond just getting the job done.

Anyway, I thought you all should know about this newfound passion project of mine. Maybe one day we can even collaborate on some creative projects outside of work!

Best,
Cameron Howe
Lead Software Developer
+1 512-555-0147
Cardiff Electric - Software Development
