
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Wednesday, May 04, 1983 12:54 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Barry Shields; Donna Clark

Categories:    Congratulations

Hi Donna,

I'm thrilled to hear that our team's hard work is paying off. It's amazing how far we've come, and I'm proud of each and every one of us for pushing through the challenges.

As someone who's been a part of this journey from the beginning, it's incredible to see how much we've accomplished. And I think it's great that you're acknowledging our efforts - it means a lot to me, too!

Let's keep up the fantastic work and continue to make Cardiff Electric proud. We've got this!

Very truly yours,
Yo-Yo Engberk
+1 512-555-0142
Programmer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development


From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Wednesday, May 04, 1983 12:54 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Barry Shields; Yo-Yo Engberk; Donna Clark

Categories:    Congratulations

Hi Donna,

Congratulations to us? Are we really doing that well? I mean, I know we're trying, but are we really there yet? It just seems like every time we hit one milestone, another one pops up and it's like, what even is the point anymore?

I don't know, maybe I'm just being paranoid. But seriously, thanks for the recognition. It means a lot to me that you noticed our hard work.



From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Wednesday, May 04, 1983 12:54 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris; Barry Shields; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories: Congratulations

Subject:    Congratulations!

Dear Team,

I wanted to take a moment to express my appreciation and congratulations to all of us for a job well done. Our recent project milestones have been impressive, and it's clear that our collective efforts are paying off.

In particular, I want to acknowledge the outstanding work that Debbie, Ed, Barry, and Yo-Yo have put in. Your dedication and expertise have been instrumental in driving our progress forward. Please know that your hard work has not gone unnoticed, and I'm grateful for each of you being part of this team.

Let's keep up the great work and continue to push ourselves to new heights.

Best regards,
Donna Clark
+1 512-555-0156
Director of Operations
Cardiff Electric
Operation