
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Thursday, May 05, 1983 12:17 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Cameron Howe; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Social Event

Dear John,

What is wrong with you? You're actually complaining about having a good time at a social event. Do you not know who you're dealing with here? This isn't some boring corporate function, this is Cardiff Electric we're talking about! The team that's going to change the world!

You want me to organize an evening where people can "let their hair down" and have some fun? Are you kidding me? That's exactly what I'm trying to do. You need to get out of your shell and stop being such a buzzkill.

This is about more than just drinking and making poor life choices, John. This is about building relationships, having fun, and celebrating our successes. You're going to be there, like it or not. So, put on some decent clothes and let's have a good time.



From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, May 05, 1983 12:17 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Cameron Howe; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Social Event

Dear Joe,

I'm worried about this social event. What are we going to talk about? It seems like an excuse for people to drink and make poor life choices. And what's with the "let our hair down" nonsense? You know me, I've always been a man of principles.

But despite my reservations, I suppose it would be good for morale. Just don't expect me to be wearing a Hawaiian shirt or anything like that. I'll be there, but I won't be having any fun. That's not what I do.

Very truly yours,
John Bosworth
+1 512-555-0179 | Vice President of Sales | Cardiff Electric | Sales


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Thursday, May 05, 1983 12:17 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Larry Goins; Cameron Howe

Categories: Social Event

Subject: New Horizon Social Event

Dear John,
Hi Larry,
Hello Cameron,

I'm thrilled to invite you all to a social event that will be the start of something new and exciting for us at Cardiff Electric. As we continue to push the boundaries of innovation, I believe it's essential that we take time to connect with each other outside of our day-to-day work.

The event will be held on Friday at 5:30 PM at The Continental Club. We'll have a chance to unwind, share stories, and build stronger bonds within the team. It's crucial that we foster an environment where creativity thrives, and I truly believe this social event will be a catalyst for new ideas and collaboration.

Let's come together, let our hair down (or up!), and make some unforgettable memories. I'm confident that this will be a night to remember.

Best,
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132 | Senior Product Manager | Cardiff Electric | Product Management

