
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Thursday, May 05, 1983 11:46 AM
To:      Cameron Howe

Categories:    Thank You

Hi Cameron,

I just wanted to take a moment and express my sincere gratitude to you. Your kind words about not being a total obstacle course warmed my heart. As Project Manager here at Cardiff Electric, I like to think that I'm making a positive impact on our team's dynamics.

In fact, your email reminded me of why I love working in project management. It's all about bringing people together and finding ways to make everyone shine. Debbie Malinowski might not always show it, but I'm sure she appreciates the efforts we all put in to keep things running smoothly around here.

So thank you again for being such a great colleague and friend. Your positive attitude is contagious, and I'm grateful to work alongside someone like you.



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Thursday, May 05, 1983 11:46 AM
To:      Ed Burris; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Thank You

Hi Cameron,

Thanks for not being too much of a pain in the butt. I suppose it's about time someone around here showed some appreciation for my efforts. After all, I'm the one who keeps this place running smoothly - you'd think that would be enough to warrant a little gratitude.

But hey, since you brought it up, let me tell you what I'm grateful for: the fact that you're not trying to sabotage my project again. I mean, seriously, how many times can you try to undermine me before people start wondering if there's something wrong with your ego?

Anyway, thanks for the "thanks" - I suppose it's better than nothing.

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski

Secretary
Cardiff Electric
Administration
+1 512-555-0133


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Thursday, May 05, 1983 11:46 AM
To:      Ed Burris; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Thank You

Subject:    Thanks (sort of)

Dear Ed,

I'm writing to express my gratitude for... well, not exactly what you did, but for what didn't happen. You managed to avoid stepping all over me and my project, which I suppose deserves some thanks.

Look, I get it - the corporate ladder is all about climbing over people's heads. But can't we at least pretend to care about the work we're doing? Debbie Malinowski, you too, would do well to remember that "synergy" doesn't just mean making pretty charts.

Anyway, thanks for not being a total obstacle course this time around. That's all I've got.

Cameron Howe
Lead Software Developer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0147

