
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Monday, May 09, 1983 12:45 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan; Debbie Malinowski; John Bosworth

Categories:    Vacation Notice

Hi Cameron,

Listen up, I've got some fantastic news! I just got word that our team is going to get a reprieve from the madness we've been dealing with lately. Our vacation notice has been approved, and I'm stoked to be taking a few days off to recharge my batteries.

I know things have been crazy around here, but sometimes you gotta take care of yourself before you can tackle the chaos head-on. And let's face it, who wouldn't want to get out of this madhouse for a bit?

So, consider me officially signed up for some well-deserved R&R starting from next Monday. I'll make sure everything is in order and train the team on my tasks before I take off. If anything comes up while I'm away, just give Donna or you a holler, and they'll be happy to help out.

Let's keep pushing forward and crush our targets!

Very truly yours,
Ed Burris
+1 512-555-0155
Project Manager
Cardiff Electric
Project Management



From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Monday, May 09, 1983 12:45 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan; Debbie Malinowski; John Bosworth

Categories:    Vacation Notice

Dear John,

I'm disappointed to hear that you'll be taking a few days off. We're already stretched thin as it is, and your absence will only add to the chaos.

I understand that family stuff can't be ignored, but I hope you're aware of the impact your leaving will have on the team. I've been doing my best to keep up with my own workload while also helping out with some of your responsibilities, but it's not easy. And now, with you gone, Donna and I will be shouldering even more burdens.

I just wish we could get a better handle on our priorities around here. It seems like every time we take two steps forward, we slide back three. I'm starting to feel like we're just spinning our wheels.



From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Monday, May 09, 1983 12:45 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan; Debbie Malinowski; Cameron Howe

Categories: Vacation Notice

Subject: Vacation Notice


Dear All,

Listen up, folks. I'm writing to let you know that I'll be taking a few days off for personal reasons starting from next Monday. I know things have been crazy around here lately, but I need to take care of some family stuff.

I've made sure to leave everything in order and trained the team on my tasks, so there shouldn't be any issues while I'm out. If anything comes up, please don't hesitate to reach out to Donna or Cameron for assistance.

Let's keep pushing forward and crush our targets!

Best regards,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
+1 512-555-0179
Cardiff Electric
Sale