
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Monday, May 09, 1983 09:24 AM
To:      Cameron Howe; Barry Shields; Gordon Clark; Ed Burris; Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan; Larry Goins; John Bosworth

Categories:    Supplier Relations

Dear John,

I'm feeling guilty about how things have been going lately. Maybe it's because I've been stuck in my own little world, trying to fix this one pesky bug that just won't quit. But when I see emails like yours, reminding us all to take a deep breath and regroup, I know we can turn things around.

You're right on the money about open communication with our suppliers. When we keep them in the loop, it's amazing how smoothly things can run. As someone who's had their fair share of dealing with suppliers (I'm looking at you, Gordon), I know firsthand how important it is to be responsive and clear about what we need.

Let's make sure we're all on the same page when it comes to timelines, expectations, and feedback. And hey, if things get hairy, maybe we can even have a little meeting or two (or three... or four...) to get everyone aligned. Who knows, maybe some of that old-school "teamwork" magic will rub off on us.



From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Monday, May 09, 1983 09:24 AM
To:      Cameron Howe; Barry Shields; Gordon Clark; Yo-Yo Engberk; Ed Burris; Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan; Larry Goins; John Bosworth

Categories:    Supplier Relations

Hi John,

I'm glad to see someone taking charge and rallying the team. You're right, open communication is key when dealing with suppliers. It's essential we keep them informed about our needs and timelines to avoid any misunderstandings.

As a programmer, I've had my fair share of dealing with suppliers for software development projects. I know how frustrating it can be when there are miscommunications or delays. But I also know that with the right approach, we can build strong relationships that benefit both parties.

Let's focus on setting clear expectations and being responsive to their needs. By doing so, we'll not only improve our supplier relations but also strengthen our overall partnership with Cardiff Electric.

Very truly yours,
Malcolm Levitan
Programmer
Software Development
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0182


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Monday, May 09, 1983 09:24 AM
To:      Cameron Howe; Barry Shields; Gordon Clark; Yo-Yo Engberk; Ed Burris; Donna Clark; Malcolm Levitan; Joe MacMillan; Larry Goins

Categories: Supplier Relations

Subject:    Supplier Relations - Let's Get Back on Track


Dear Team,

I'm writing to you all today because I'm feeling a little down. We've been going through some tough times lately, and I know we can do better. As your VP of Sales, it's my job to keep us moving forward, but I need your help.

As we move forward with our supplier relations, I want to emphasize the importance of open communication. Let's make sure we're all on the same page when it comes to timelines, expectations, and feedback. I know we've had some hiccups recently, but I believe in each and every one of you, and I know we can turn things around.

Let's take a deep breath, regroup, and come out swinging. We owe it to ourselves and to Cardiff Electric to give it our all.

Best,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric | Sales | +1 512-555-0179
