
From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Tuesday, May 10, 1983 12:39 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Quality Assurance

Dear Cameron,

I'm feeling quite romantic about Quality Assurance today. Maybe it's because I had a lovely lunch with my sweetheart, maybe it's because I just finished reading that new novel by Gabriel Garcia Marquez... anyway, you get the point - I'm in a good mood.

Now, let's talk turkey. I think we're getting bogged down in procedure, just like you said. We need to take a step back and remember why we started doing this in the first place. It's not just about checking boxes or making progress, it's about creating something beautiful, something that makes our hearts sing.

I'm not saying we should throw out the rulebook entirely (although, let's be real, sometimes rules are meant to be broken). But I do think we should take a chance, take a risk. What's the worst that could happen? We fail miserably and have to start all over again?

But what if we succeed? What if we create something truly remarkable?

So, my friend, let's not get too caught up in procedure. Let's keep our hearts open, our minds curious, and our spirits free.

Very truly yours,
Barry Shields
+1 512-555-0166
Senior Counsel, Cardiff Electric, Legal


From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Tuesday, May 10, 1983 12:39 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Barry Shields; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Quality Assurance

Dear Cameron,

I'm torn. Part of me wants to agree with you and just dive back in, try some new things, take a few risks. That's what we're supposed to be doing here at Cardiff Electric, right? But another part of me is saying "hold up, let's not get ahead of ourselves." I mean, we've got a reputation for being innovative and all that, but we also can't just forget about quality control.

I think what you're getting at with your "back to the spirit" thing is valid. We do need to remember why we started doing this in the first place. But I'm not sure throwing out the rulebook entirely is the answer either. Maybe it's somewhere in between? I don't know, man. This is all making me feel like I'm stuck in some kind of existential crisis.



From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Tuesday, May 10, 1983 12:39 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Barry Shields; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Quality Assurance

Subject: Quality Assurance - Let's Get Real


Hi Gordon, Barry, Malcolm,

I'm writing to talk turkey about QA. Listen, I know we're all trying to make this thing work, but I think we're getting bogged down in procedure and losing sight of what really matters. We need to get back to the spirit that got us here in the first place - innovation, experimentation, taking risks.

I'm not asking you to throw out the rulebook entirely (although, let's be real, sometimes rules are meant to be broken). But I do think we should take a step back and re-evaluate what we're trying to achieve. Are we just checking boxes or are we actually making progress?

Let me know your thoughts.

Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer, Cardiff Electric
Software Development

