
From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Tuesday, May 10, 1983 01:05 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Vacation Notice

Dear Yo-Yo,

Passion and excitement are building inside me as I read about your upcoming vacation. A Mai Tai on the beach? Sounds like a perfect way to recharge those algorithms! You deserve it, my friend.

I must admit, Barry's summary of our meeting got me pumped up. The latest developments in algorithmic recharging techniques have me envisioning a future where Cardiff Electric is at the forefront of innovation. Your contributions will be crucial in making that vision a reality.

Please don't worry about work while you're away; we've got everything under control here. If anything urgent comes up, I'll be the one to handle it, so just relax and enjoy your well-deserved break.

Very truly yours,
Gordon Clark
Chief Engineer, Cardiff Electric, Engineering
+1 512-555-0198


From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Tuesday, May 10, 1983 01:05 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Vacation Notice

Dear Yo-Yo,

I just got back from the most incredible meeting with our fearless leader Gordon. Let me tell you, it was a real doozy. He's been asking for updates on the latest and greatest in algorithmic recharging techniques, and I'm happy to report that we're making some real progress. I mean, who doesn't love a good Mai Tai on the beach? Sounds like you're in for quite the R&R.

On a more serious note, it's great to hear that all your tasks are caught up. We're looking forward to having you back and recharged for the next big project. If anything urgent comes up, don't hesitate to ping Gordon - he'll know what to do.

Very truly yours,
Barry Shields


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Tuesday, May 10, 1983 01:05 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Barry Shields; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Vacation Notice

Subject: Vacation Notice


Hello Gordon, Barry, and Malcolm!


Glad to be writing my first-ever email (just kidding, sorta). Anyway, I wanted to drop you a line about my upcoming vacation. I've finally managed to convince my better half that I need some R&R (recharge my batteries... and recompile my code). From June 15th to July 1st, I'll be out of the office, sipping Mai Tais on the beach, and trying not to get too much sand in my algorithms.


Don't worry, though - I've made sure that all my tasks are caught up (or at least, I think they are... fingers crossed). If anything urgent comes up, please don't hesitate to ping Cardiff Electric's finest, aka our fearless leader Gordon. He'll know what to do!


Best regards,
Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0142
