
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Friday, May 13, 1983 10:17 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Research Collaboration

Dear Malcolm,

I'm trying to wrap my head around this too. Your enthusiasm is infectious, but I have to admit, I'm a bit anxious about the scope of this project. It sounds like you're proposing to automate data fetching from the IBM PC network using Python? That's a tall order.

Can you explain more about what kind of data we're talking about and what the end goal is? What problem are we trying to solve by automating this process?

Also, I have to agree with Yo-Yo - I'm not sure I'm the right person to consult on this. I mean, I know my way around an IBM PC, but this seems like a whole different level of complexity.

Very truly yours,

Ed Burris
+1 512-555-0155
Project Manager, Cardiff Electric, Project Management


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Friday, May 13, 1983 10:17 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Research Collaboration

Dear Malcolm,

I'm still trying to wrap my head around what kind of sorcery you're trying to conjure up with that Python script. Automating data fetching from the IBM PC network? You know I'm always up for a good challenge, but this one has me scratching my head.

On one hand, I appreciate your enthusiasm and willingness to experiment. On the other hand, I'm not sure if we're ready to unleash the beast of automated data fetching just yet. Before we dive in, can you explain what kind of data we're talking about? What's the scope of this project?

Also, have you considered consulting with our resident expert on all things IBM PC network, Ed Burris? I'm sure he'd be more than happy to provide some insight.

Looking forward to discussing this further and maybe, just maybe, figuring out how to tame this beast.



From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Friday, May 13, 1983 10:17 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris

Categories: Research Collaboration

Subject:    Research Collaboration


Hello Yo-Yo, Debbie, and Ed,

I've been pondering ways to streamline our research collaboration process. As we're all aware, efficiency in this department is crucial for meeting project timelines. I've taken a stab at creating a prototype using Python's `os` module to automate data fetching from the IBM PC network. The script looks promising, but I'd love your input before implementing it.

Here's the relevant code snippet:

```python
import os

def fetch_data(directory):
    files = [f for f in os.listdir(directory) if f.endswith('.txt')]
    return files

data_files = fetch_data('/path/to/data')
print(data_files)
```

Your expertise would be invaluable in fine-tuning this script. I'm confident that together, we can optimize our research workflow.

Looking forward to your thoughts!

