
From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Thursday, May 19, 1983 11:49 AM
To:      Barry Shields; Donna Clark; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Training and Development

Hi Yo-Yo,

I love seeing everyone's enthusiasm and ideas come together. I think we're all on the same page when it comes to training and development - we want to see our team grow and thrive.

Ed, you make some excellent points about having clear goals and measurable success. I agree that identifying what skills or knowledge our team members are lacking is crucial. Maybe we can even invite some industry experts in for workshops or Q&A sessions.

John, while I understand your concerns about results, I think it's essential to focus on building each other up rather than tearing ourselves down. We're not just a sales team; we're also human beings who deserve support and encouragement.



From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Thursday, May 19, 1983 11:49 AM
To:      Barry Shields; Donna Clark; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Training and Development

Dear Debbie,

I love the enthusiasm and energy you're bringing to the training and development schedule. It's amazing how just having a plan in place can make us feel like we're moving forward.

You know what I think? I think we need more of that "watered-down, feel-good nonsense" John Bosworth was talking about. We need to focus on building each other up, not just tearing ourselves down with sales numbers and revenue growth. Let's try to create a culture where people feel supported and empowered to learn.

Ed Burris makes some great points too - having clear goals and measurable success is crucial. I think we should start by identifying what skills or knowledge our team members are lacking, and then work backwards from there. Maybe we can even invite some industry experts in for workshops or Q&A sessions.

Let's keep the momentum going! I'm excited to see where this journey takes us.

Very truly yours,
Yo-Yo Engberk
+1 512-555-0142
Programmer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, May 19, 1983 11:49 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Barry Shields; Donna Clark; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Training and Development

Hi Debbie,

Are you kidding me? We're wasting our time on "available courses and workshops"? What a joke. You think that's going to make a real difference? Please.

Let me tell you what I want to see: results. Concrete, measurable results. Not some watered-down, feel-good nonsense about "upskilling" or whatever buzzword du jour is hot right now.

You know as well as I do that our biggest problem isn't what we're doing, it's who we are. We're a sales team, for crying out loud! We need to focus on getting the job done, not messing around with "trainings and developments" like we're some kind of corporate kindergarten class.

So here's my advice: stop worrying about what courses we can take and start worrying about what we can sell. That's where the real value is. Not in some fancy certification or participation trophy. In actual revenue growth.

Get your priorities straight, Debbie. This isn't a game.



From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Thursday, May 19, 1983 11:49 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Barry Shields; Donna Clark; John Bosworth; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Training and Development

Dear Debbie,

I'm feeling pretty nervous about all these training and development opportunities. I mean, what if we're not doing enough? What if we're missing something crucial? It's like we're trying to fix a leaky pipe with a hammer instead of a wrench.

Look, I think it's great that you're putting together this schedule. But can we please make sure it's not just the same old stuff? I don't want to waste my time or anyone else's on something that's not going to make a real difference.

Can we also get some clear goals out of these trainings? What do we want to achieve? How will we measure success?

Sorry if this sounds like too much work, Debbie. But as you know, I'm always looking for ways to improve things around here.



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Thursday, May 19, 1983 11:49 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Ed Burris; Barry Shields; Donna Clark; John Bosworth

Categories: Training and Development

Subject: Training and Development Schedule


Hi Yo-Yo, Ed, Barry, Donna, John,

I wanted to touch base with everyone regarding our training and development schedule. As we continue to adapt to changes in the market, it's essential that we stay ahead of the curve by upskilling our team members. I've compiled a list of available courses and workshops for your review.

Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to request additional information. Your input is valuable in ensuring we're prioritizing the right areas for growth.


Best regards,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Administration
Cardiff Electric


