
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Saturday, May 21, 1983 12:59 PM
To:      Ed Burris

Categories:    Meeting Request

Dear Debbie,

I'm not even sure why I'm bothering. You know as well as I do that Donna's already shut down the meeting request. But I suppose it's worth a try.

Look, I know we've had our differences, but can't we just put aside our personal issues for one minute and focus on the project? It's falling apart at the seams, Debbie. We're running out of time and resources. And you know as well as I do that Donna's not going to budge.

I don't care about timelines or milestones or budget adjustments anymore. What I care about is getting this thing done. And if that means swallowing my pride and meeting with Donna alone, then so be it.

Wednesday or Thursday this week works for me. Don't bother responding unless you're willing to put in the effort to make something happen.

Very truly yours,

Ed Burris
+1 512-555-0155
Project Manager, Cardiff Electric
Project Management



From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Saturday, May 21, 1983 12:59 PM
To:      Ed Burris

Categories:    Meeting Request

Hi Debbie,

Are you kidding me? You think I'm just going to fall into line and agree to a meeting with Ed after everything we've been through? Please. I've got better things to do than indulge his drama.

Listen, if Ed wants to waste our time discussing project timelines and milestones, budget adjustments, and outstanding issues, then he's got another thing coming. We've got real work to do, not just sit around and stroke each other's egos.

You can take your proposed dates and shove them where the sun doesn't shine. I'm not buying into this charade. If Ed wants a meeting, let him come to me and explain why it's so important. Otherwise, keep your calendar clear because I won't be participating in this farce.



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Saturday, May 21, 1983 12:59 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Ed Burris

Categories:    Meeting Request

Hi Ed,

I'm surprised to be getting a meeting request from you. You know, considering our last few... conversations. But, I suppose that's exactly why we should meet.

You want to discuss project timelines and milestones? Okay, sure thing. Budget adjustments and resource allocation? That sounds like a real thrill-ride. And resolving outstanding issues? Please, by all means, let's get that out of the way so we can move on with our lives.

As for your proposed dates, I'll need to check my schedule. Let me see... (pauses) Wednesday or Thursday this week works just fine for me.



From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Saturday, May 21, 1983 12:59 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Donna Clark

Categories: Meeting Request

Subject: Meeting Request


Dear Debbie and Donna,

I'm writing to request a meeting to discuss the current state of our project. As you know, we're facing some significant challenges and I believe it's essential that we regroup and reassess our strategy.

Specifically, I'd like to cover the following key points:

* Project timelines and milestones
* Budget adjustments and resource allocation
* Next steps for resolving outstanding issues

I'm available to meet on Wednesday or Thursday of this week. Please let me know which day works best for you both.

