
From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Tuesday, May 24, 1983 03:18 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan; Larry Goins

Categories:    Social Event

Hi Larry,

I'm amused that you're feeling jealous about our projects. Let me tell you, we're not getting all the attention because we're some kind of tech wizards (although Joe does have a knack for making things happen). It's just that our projects are actually worth paying attention to. But I digress.

A social event sounds like just what the doctor ordered. I'll definitely be there next Friday at 6 PM, and I'm sure Joe and Donna will join us as well. We're always up for a good time, especially when it's not related to our work (which is often enough).

Looking forward to seeing you then.

Very truly yours,

Malcolm Levitan
+1 512-555-0182
Programmer
Software Development
Cardiff Electric


From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Tuesday, May 24, 1983 03:18 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Social Event

Subject: Social Event Invitation


Hello Donna, Joe, and Malcolm,

I'm reaching out to invite all of us to a social event being organized by Cardiff Electric's Technical Support department. It'll be a great opportunity for us to get together outside of work and bond over our shared love of technology.

To be honest, I'm a bit jealous that you three are getting so much attention from the company right now. I mean, Joe's new project is making waves, Donna's been crushing it with her design skills, and Malcolm's got his finger on the pulse of what's trending in tech. Meanwhile, I'm stuck troubleshooting printers all day.

Anyway, enough about that. The social event will be held at the local pub next Friday at 6 PM. There'll be drinks, snacks, and plenty of conversation to be had. It would mean a lot to me if you could come and show your support for our humble Support department.

If you're interested, please let me know by reply email so I can get an accurate headcount. Looking forward to seeing you all there!

Best regards,
Larry Goins
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support
+1 512-555-0144

