
From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Tuesday, May 24, 1983 01:24 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Barry Shields; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Wellness Check

Dear Debbie,

I'm not sure what kind of "wellness check" you're talking about, but if it's going to be one of those touchy-feely exercises that just makes everyone uncomfortable, then I don't know how much help I'll be. John's right - we're in sales, not some self-help group. But if it's something that's actually going to make a difference in our work lives, then I'm all for it.

To be honest, Debbie, I've been feeling pretty anxious lately. Between trying to keep the office running smoothly and dealing with John's constant... John-ness, I don't know how much more of this I can take. So if you're going to do something that might actually help me relax a little bit, then count me in.

But let's not get ahead of ourselves here. If all we're going to do is fill out some survey and pretend like everything is okay when it's not, then I'm not interested. I need to know that whatever we do is going to make a real difference in our lives.

So, please - tell me what this wellness check is really about. Is it something that's actually going to help us? Or is it just some company-mandated exercise to make us all feel guilty for being so stressed out?

Very truly yours,

Donna Clark
Director of Operations
Cardiff Electric
Operations


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Tuesday, May 24, 1983 01:24 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Donna Clark; Barry Shields; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Wellness Check

Hi Debbie,

What's the point of all this? We're in sales, not some touchy-feely self-help group. I don't need a "wellness check" to tell me I'm doing fine. My numbers are up, my commissions are solid, and that's what matters.

I'll fill out your survey if it makes you happy, but let's keep things real here. We're not trying to win some award for most enlightened company. We're trying to sell stuff and make a buck.



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Tuesday, May 24, 1983 01:24 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; John Bosworth; Donna Clark; Barry Shields

Categories: Wellness Check

Subject: Wellness Check


Dear All,

I'm reaching out to initiate our quarterly wellness check. As we continue to push the boundaries of innovation, I believe it's essential that we prioritize our physical and mental well-being. This exercise will help us identify areas where we can improve our work-life balance and overall job satisfaction.

Please take a few minutes to complete the attached survey by [Deadline]. Your input is invaluable in helping me create a healthier and more productive workspace for everyone.

Best regards,
Debbie Malinowski
Secretary, Administration
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0133
