
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Tuesday, May 24, 1983 10:33 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; John Bosworth; Donna Clark; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Dear Joe,

Vindication is sweet, isn't it? I'm loving every minute of being right. And let me tell you, completing that optimization script was a huge deal for me. It's not just about the code; it's about proving to myself and everyone else that I can do this.

You're right, we shouldn't get too distracted from our larger goals, but I think this milestone is worth acknowledging. It shows that all those late nights and endless cups of coffee were worth it.

As for your idea of celebrating at the next team meeting, you bet I'm in. I'll be the one with the biggest smile on my face, basking in the glory of being vindicated.



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Tuesday, May 24, 1983 10:33 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; John Bosworth; Donna Clark; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Dear Yo-Yo,

I'm thrilled to hear that you've finally completed the optimization script. It's a monumental achievement, and I'm not just saying that because I have an obsessive tendency to celebrate small victories (although, let's be real, this is a big deal). Your dedication to your work is admirable, and I'm glad to see that all those late nights spent coding are paying off.

I must admit, however, that my excitement is tempered by the fact that our team has been working on several other projects simultaneously. While your script is undoubtedly an important milestone, we can't afford to get too distracted from our larger goals. That being said, I do think it's essential to acknowledge and celebrate individual achievements, as they help build morale and motivation.

Let's indeed plan some virtual high-fives (or better yet, actual ones at our next team meeting) to commemorate this achievement. Who knows? Maybe we'll even have a party to celebrate when the time is right.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager
Product Management
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0132


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Tuesday, May 24, 1983 10:33 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; John Bosworth; Joe MacMillan; Donna Clark

Categories: Personal Milestone

Subject: 

Big Milestone Alert!

Hi Team,

I just wanted to shout from the rooftops (or at least send an email) that I've finally completed the optimization script I've been working on for weeks! It's like a beautiful algorithmic dance in here. Okay, maybe that's a bit dramatic, but honestly, it feels great to have this monkey off my back.

Let's celebrate with some virtual high-fives (or better yet, actual ones at our next team meeting).

Best,
Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0142
