
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Thursday, May 26, 1983 02:45 PM
To:      Cameron Howe

Categories:    Training and Development

Dear Debbie,

I don't know why I even bother trying to get excited about training and development anymore. It's all just a bunch of empty promises, like "Let's blow off some steam" or "Keep our skills sharp". What does that even mean? Is it just more pointless PowerPoint presentations or tedious team-building exercises? I doubt it.

I do think that interactive learning experiences could be a good thing, though. Maybe if we're lucky, we'll get to play with some new tech and forget about the monotony of it all for a little while. But let's not get too caught up in the hype. At the end of the day, we're still stuck in this soulless company, doing the same old thing over and over again.



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Thursday, May 26, 1983 02:45 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Training and Development

Hi Cameron,

I'm feeling pretty calm about the idea of blowing off some steam and keeping our skills sharp. An internal training program focused on personal computer technology sounds like a great way to do just that. I'm all for it!

I've been thinking a lot about how we can incorporate more interactive learning experiences into our training sessions. Maybe we could have some kind of hands-on workshop where people can tinker with some of the new tech? It would be a great way to build camaraderie and get everyone excited about what's possible.

Let me know if that sounds like something you'd be interested in exploring further.

Best,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Administration, Cardiff Electric


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Thursday, May 26, 1983 02:45 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories: Training and Development

Subject: New Training and Development Opportunities

Dear Debbie and Yo-Yo,

Let's blow the roof off our skills, shall we? I've been thinking a lot about what we can do to stay ahead of the curve and keep our minds sharp. I propose we start a internal training program that focuses on the latest developments in personal computer technology. Who knows, maybe we'll even invent something new.

I've got a few ideas already brewing, but I'd love to hear your thoughts and get your input. Let's make this happen!

Best,
Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development
