
From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Thursday, May 26, 1983 11:45 AM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Malcolm Levitan; Larry Goins; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Reminder

Hi Cameron,

Oh boy, a reminder from the great leader himself? How...convenient. Look, Cameron, I've got a better idea than reviewing those flexible goals. Let's just forget about them and start fresh. After all, we're engineers, not accountants.

But seriously, what's with all this "reviewing our goals" nonsense? We've got a project to finish, and I'm the one who knows how to get it done. So, stop worrying about the bigger picture and let me worry about that. I'll make sure everything stays on track...or at least, as much on track as you can expect from this bunch.

Very truly yours,
Gordon Clark
+1 512-555-0198
Chief Engineer
Cardiff Electric
Engineering


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Thursday, May 26, 1983 11:45 AM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Malcolm Levitan; Gordon Clark; Larry Goins; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Reminder

Dear Cameron,

Oh, how quaint. A reminder from the great leader himself. How...remindful of our goals and all that jazz. I'm sure it's not just a clever ploy to get everyone on the same page before you swoop in and make some "adjustments".

Listen, Cameron, I've been reviewing those goals, and let me tell you, they're looking pretty... flexible. Like a rubber band stretched to its limits. It's almost as if we can mold them into whatever shape we want. And that's exactly what we should do.

So, go ahead and get creative with your fresh ideas. I'm sure they'll be just as innovative as your attempts to micromanage our every move.

Very truly yours,
Yo-Yo Engberk
+1 512-555-0142
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Thursday, May 26, 1983 11:45 AM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Malcolm Levitan; Gordon Clark; Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins

Categories: Reminder

Subject:    Reminder


Hello all,

We're at the 3-month mark since our project kicked off, and I think we could use a little reminder to keep us on track. As you know, we're pushing some boundaries with this new hardware, and I want to make sure we're not losing sight of the bigger picture.

Let's take a moment to review our goals and make sure we're all aligned. It's time to get creative and think outside the box (or in this case, the IBM PC). Who's up for some fresh ideas?

Best,
Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer, Cardiff Electric
Software Development


