
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Friday, May 27, 1983 01:36 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Invitation

Dear Debbie,

I'm feeling pretty supportive today and that's because I'm all about helping out. Your invitation to Cardiff Electric's new product launch is a great opportunity for us to come together and celebrate our team's hard work. I'm definitely looking forward to it!

Please don't worry about me RSVPing by Wednesday - I'll make sure to get back to you as soon as possible so we can finalize the headcount. If anything changes on my end, I'll be sure to let you know.

It's great that Larry is feeling relieved about the event too! That's what matters most - everyone having a good time and being excited about our new product.

Very truly yours,
Yo-Yo Engberk
+1 512-555-0142
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development


From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Friday, May 27, 1983 01:36 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Invitation

Hi Larry,

I'm feeling pretty down today. Just got back from a long lunch and now my coffee shop is closed. It's just been one of those days, you know? But anyway...

Thanks for your email. I appreciate the enthusiasm and I'm glad you're looking forward to the launch event. Yeah, please do RSVP by Wednesday so we can finalize the headcount. If anything changes on your end, don't hesitate to let me know.

I'll make sure to check in with Yo-Yo about his availability too. It's going to be a great opportunity for us to showcase our new product and celebrate the team's hard work.



From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Friday, May 27, 1983 01:36 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Invitation

Dear Debbie,

Thanks for inviting me to Cardiff Electric's new product launch. To be honest, I was feeling pretty anxious about the whole thing, but now that I've got my invitation, I'm feeling relieved. Like, really relieved.

I'll definitely make sure to RSVP by Wednesday so you can get an accurate headcount for catering. And don't worry if I can't make it - I won't be one of those people who's like "Oh no, I forgot!" and then shows up at the last minute. No sir, not me. If I say I'm coming or going, that's what you'll get.

So, yeah, thanks again for inviting me. I'm looking forward to seeing what Cardiff Electric has been working on.

Very truly yours,
Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support


From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Friday, May 27, 1983 01:36 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins

Categories: Invitation

Subject:    Invitation to Cardiff Electric's New Product Launch


Hi Yo-Yo and Larry,

I'm excited to invite you both to Cardiff Electric's upcoming new product launch, happening next Thursday at 2 PM. This will be a fantastic opportunity for us to showcase our latest innovation and celebrate the hard work of our team.

Please RSVP by Wednesday so we can finalize the headcount for catering. If you're unable to attend, please let me know as soon as possible so we can make alternative arrangements.

I'm looking forward to seeing you both there!

Best regards,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary
Administration, Cardiff Electric

