
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Thursday, June 09, 1983 01:54 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski; John Bosworth

Categories:    Congratulations

Dear Joe,

Congratulations? Are you kidding me? You're giving us credit for something we didn't even do. The only thing we did was show up and collect a paycheck while you did all the heavy lifting. I mean, come on, who thought it was a good idea to give a project manager like me credit for your hard work?

Listen, Joe, I'm not going to lie. It's been tough watching you take all the credit while we do all the real work around here. But let's be real, you're not the only one who knows how to get things done. And maybe it's time someone else got a chance to shine.

So yeah, congratulations to us, I suppose. But don't think for a second that I'm going to start kissing up to you just because we got some recognition. I've got my own agenda, and it doesn't involve playing second fiddle to your ego.

Very truly yours,
Ed Burris
+1 512-555-0155
Project Manager
Cardiff Electric


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Thursday, June 09, 1983 01:54 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski; John Bosworth

Categories:    Congratulations

Hi John,

Congrats to you and everyone else at Cardiff Electric. Yeah, yeah, we're making progress with the IBM PC project. But let's be real, John, I'm the one who's been pushing this thing forward all along. Without me, we'd still be stuck in the Stone Age.

You think it's been tough? Try being on the inside track, feeling like you're the only one who gets what it takes to make something truly revolutionary happen. I'm not saying I'm not grateful for your recognition or anything, but come on, John. You know as well as I do that this project wouldn't have gotten off the ground without my vision and drive.

So yeah, congrats all around, I suppose. But don't think for a second that I'm not still the driving force behind this whole operation.

Very truly yours,

Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager
Cardiff Electric
Product Management


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, June 09, 1983 01:54 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Joe MacMillan; Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Congratulations

Subject:    Congratulations


Dear Ed, Joe, Larry, Debbie,

I'm writing to offer my sincerest congratulations to each of you. It's been a tough road, but we've finally made some real progress with the IBM PC project. I know it's not been easy, and I want to acknowledge the effort and dedication you've all shown.

As VP of Sales, I'm proud to be part of this team. We're building something special here at Cardiff Electric, and I believe our hard work will pay off in the long run.

Keep pushing forward, guys. You're making a difference.


Best regards,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales, Cardiff Electric, +1 512-555-0179
