
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Friday, June 10, 1983 02:14 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Yo-Yo Engberk; Joe MacMillan; John Bosworth; Barry Shields

Categories:    Research Collaboration

Hi Barry,

I must say, I'm flabbergasted by the level of paranoia in your email. "Creative liberties" taken with research collaboration agreements? You're worried about a little flexibility ruining the sanctity of our department?

Listen, we're not dealing with nuclear reactors here, Barry. We're building software. It's not like we're trying to cure cancer or something (although, if you ask me, that would be pretty cool). I think it's time for us to lighten up and trust each other.

I've reviewed our agreements, and they seem fine to me. If there are any discrepancies, I'm happy to work with the team to iron them out. But let's not make a mountain out of a molehill, okay?

Very truly yours,

Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer, Cardiff Electric
Software Developmen

From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Friday, June 10, 1983 02:14 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; Larry Goins; Yo-Yo Engberk; Joe MacMillan; John Bosworth

Categories: Research Collaboration

Subject:    Research Collaboration


Dear Cameron, Larry, Yo-Yo, Joe, and John,

I am compelled to express my utmost concern regarding the research collaboration agreements currently under review in our department. As Senior Counsel, it is my duty to ensure that all contractual obligations are strictly adhered to and that any potential risks or liabilities are thoroughly assessed.

In light of recent events, I have been made aware of certain... let's say, "creative liberties" being taken with the agreements. I must emphasize that such deviations from established protocols will not be tolerated. It is imperative that we maintain the highest level of professionalism and adherence to established guidelines throughout this process.

I request that you all review your respective agreements and ensure that they conform to our standard templates. Any discrepancies or irregularities must be immediately brought to my attention.

Sincerely,

Barry Shields
Senior Counsel, Cardiff Electric, Legal Department
+1 512-555-0166

