
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Monday, June 13, 1983 10:30 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Training and Development

Dear Debbie,

I'm sitting here staring at this email feeling like a bucket of regret. I should've been more proactive in helping get that new project management system off the ground. You know, instead of just watching others do all the heavy lifting.

Anyway, enough about me and my guilt trips. On to training and development! I think it's fantastic you're taking the initiative to review our needs and propose some programs. Soft skills training on time management and prioritization sounds spot on for me. As someone who's always trying to juggle too many balls in the air, a refresher wouldn't hurt.

Let's schedule that meeting ASAP so we can discuss further. I'm eager to hear your thoughts and work together to ensure our team is well-equipped for success.



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Monday, June 13, 1983 10:30 AM
To:      John Bosworth

Categories: Training and Development

Subject: Training and Development Schedule for Q2


Hi John,

I hope this email finds you well. As we approach the midpoint of the year, I wanted to touch base with you about our training and development schedule for the second quarter. It's hard to believe it's already been six months since we launched the new project management system - it feels like just yesterday we were scrambling to get everything up and running!

In any case, I've been reviewing our training needs and would like to propose a few programs that I think will really benefit the team. We're looking at some soft skills training in areas like time management and prioritization, as well as some technical refreshers on our core tools.

Let me know if you have any availability to discuss further or if there's anything specific you'd like to see included. I'm always happy to hear your thoughts and work together to make sure we're all set up for success.

Best regards,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Administration
Cardiff Electric
