
From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Tuesday, June 14, 1983 02:21 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Meeting Request

Hi Ed,

I'm feeling pretty regretful about our meeting schedule. It feels like we're just spinning our wheels and not getting anything done. I want to make sure we're prioritizing the right meetings and keeping everyone on track.

To be honest, I was really hoping we could squeeze in a meeting this week. With all the changes happening in the department, it's hard for me to keep everything straight. I'm worried that if we don't get together soon, things are going to start falling apart.

I'm open to hearing your thoughts on what you think is important to discuss. Maybe we can even make a list of what needs to be addressed and tackle it from there.

Let me know when you're available this week, and I'll do my best to work around your schedule.

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Cardiff Electric, Administration


From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Tuesday, June 14, 1983 02:21 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Meeting Request

Dear Debbie,

I'm feeling pretty sorrowful today. It's like, everything is just getting piled up on me and I don't know how to catch my breath. But, I guess that's what makes life interesting, right? Anyway, enough about that. Your meeting request caught me off guard, but I'll do my best to respond quickly.

To be honest, this week has been a real struggle for me. Trying to keep up with the changes in the department is like trying to herd cats - it's just not happening. But, I'm willing to take some time out of my busy schedule (what's that even mean?) to meet with you and discuss logistical issues.

As soon as I get a chance to clear my head, I'll shoot you an email with my availability. I hope we can find a time that works for everyone.

Very truly yours,
Ed Burris
+1 512-555-0155
Project Manager, Cardiff Electric
Project Management


From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Tuesday, June 14, 1983 02:21 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories: Meeting Request

Subject: Meeting Request


Hi Ed and Yo-Yo,

I'm reaching out because I have some concerns about our upcoming meeting schedule. With all the changes happening in the department, I want to make sure we're prioritizing the right meetings and keeping everyone on track.

Can you both please let me know your availability for a quick meeting this week? I'd like to discuss some logistical issues and get everyone's input before moving forward.

Please reply as soon as possible so we can schedule something that works for everyone.

