
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Friday, June 17, 1983 09:35 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Gordon Clark; Donna Clark; Ed Burris

Categories:    Congratulations

Hi Ed,

I've gotta say, I'm feeling inspired. When Joe says we're stuck in neutral, he's just being his usual skeptical self. But you know what? I think he might be wrong this time. We actually did achieve some significant milestones, and those "key areas for improvement" were more like Band-Aids on a bullet wound than anything else.

I'm not saying we're out of the woods yet, but it's nice to acknowledge our progress every now and then. And who knows? Maybe we'll surprise ourselves and make something actually happen.

Anyway, thanks for the congratulations, Ed! You're always good for a boost of morale.



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Friday, June 17, 1983 09:35 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Gordon Clark; Yo-Yo Engberk; Donna Clark; Ed Burris

Categories:    Congratulations

Hi Ed,

Congratulations? Are you kidding me? You're celebrating like we've actually accomplished something, but let's be real, we're still stuck in neutral. The beta testing phase was a joke, and those "key areas for improvement" were just Band-Aids on a bullet wound.

I'm not sure what kind of kool-aid you're drinking, Ed, but the only thing that's been achieved is our collective frustration with this whole project. And as for those "strong relationships" with major partners, don't make me laugh. We're just pawns in their game, and they'll toss us aside like yesterday's trash once we're no longer useful.

Let's not get ahead of ourselves here. We've got a long way to go before we can even think about celebrating. And when that day comes, I'll be the first to let you know.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager, Cardiff Electric, Product Management


From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Friday, June 17, 1983 09:35 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Gordon Clark; Yo-Yo Engberk; Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan

Categories: Congratulations

Subject:    Congratulations to Our Team

Dear Team,

EMAIL START
Congratulations to our team on a job well done. We've achieved some significant milestones and are poised for success. Here's a quick summary of what we've accomplished:

• Completed the beta testing phase with positive results
• Identified key areas for improvement and implemented changes
• Established strong relationships with major partners

We still have work ahead, but I'm confident in our abilities to drive this project forward. Let's keep the momentum going!

