
From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Thursday, July 07, 1983 03:38 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Barry Shields; Gordon Clark; John Bosworth; Joe MacMillan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Technical Support

Hi Malcolm,

I'm getting worried about our team's software development. With all the issues we're facing, I don't know how we'll get everything done on time. And now you're having trouble with Category 2 error handling? It's just too much to handle.

To answer your question, though, I think the best approach would be to use a logging framework to log the errors and send notifications to our team. We can use a library like Log4j or Java Util Logging (JUL) to log the errors to a database. Then, we can set up a notification system using something like Apache Commons Email or JavaMail API.

I know this is a lot to take in, but I hope it helps you get started on implementing more robust error handling for your software. If you have any questions or need further assistance, don't hesitate to ask.

Very truly yours,

Debbie Malinowski
Secretary, Administration
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0133


From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Thursday, July 07, 1983 03:38 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Barry Shields; Gordon Clark; John Bosworth; Joe MacMillan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Technical Support

Subject:    Technical Support Request: Category 2 Error Handling

Dear All,

I am writing to request assistance in resolving a technical issue that has been affecting our recent testing of the Category 2 software. After conducting a thorough analysis, I have identified the problem as an error handling issue related to the "try...catch" syntax.

Here is a sample code snippet that illustrates the issue:

```java
public void processRequest(String request) {
    try {
        // processing logic here...
    } catch (Exception e) {
        System.out.println("Error occurred: " + e.getMessage());
    }
}
```

As you can see, when an exception occurs, the program prints a generic error message to the console. However, I would like to implement more robust error handling by logging the errors to a database and sending notifications to our team.

Could someone please provide guidance on how to achieve this? I have reviewed the Category 2 documentation and consulted with my colleagues, but I am still unsure about the best approach.

Thank you in advance for your help. I look forward to hearing back from you soon.

Best regards,

Malcolm Levitan
Programmer, Software Development
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0182
