
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Friday, July 08, 1983 01:37 PM
To:      Larry Goins

Categories:    Vacation Notice

Hi Larry,

I just got your vacation notice and I've gotta say, I'm a little disappointed. I was really looking forward to having some time to hammer out the details of our new sales strategy with you. But hey, you deserve a break, and I'll make sure to keep things running smoothly while you're away.

I did take a look at your notes on the shared drive, and they seem comprehensive enough. I'm confident that if anything comes up while you're gone, one of the techs will be able to handle it. You've got some good people working for you, Larry.

Just remember, when you get back, we've got some serious work to do. I want to see a solid plan in place for getting our product out there and making some real progress. No more playing it by ear or hoping things will fall into place. It's time to take control of this company and make some real money.

Very truly yours,

Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager, Cardiff Electric
Product Management



From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Friday, July 08, 1983 01:37 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan

Categories: Vacation Notice

Subject:    Vacation Notice


Dear Joe,

I'm writing to inform you that I'll be taking some time off starting next Friday and returning the following Monday. As you know, our department is already stretched thin with the recent influx of new hardware requests. I've made sure to update our schedule accordingly, but if anything comes up while I'm away, please don't hesitate to reach out to one of my colleagues.

In preparation for my absence, I've left detailed notes and troubleshooting steps in case any issues arise. You can find them on the shared drive under "Larry's Notes" - just look for the folder labeled "Vacation Coverage." If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to ping me before I leave.

I appreciate your understanding and cooperation during this time. My team is counting on me to get back on track once I return.


Best regards,
Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support
