
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Wednesday, July 13, 1983 04:57 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Industry News

Dear Joe,

Listen, I don't know what kind of crap they're feeding you at Cardiff Electric, but if you think for one second that I'm buying into this "betrayal of innovation" nonsense, you're sadly mistaken. Newsflash: Cardiff Electric is a dinosaur, a relic of the past. We're just trying to survive in a world where nobody gives a damn about what we do.

You want to talk about mediocrity? You want to talk about stifling creativity and crushing morale? How about we start with your precious innovation department? I mean, what have you innovated lately, huh? The ability to make the same old crap but with slightly more pixels?

As for me, I'm just trying to keep my head above water in this sinking ship. You think I care about revolutionizing the industry? Please. I've got a job to do, and that's selling what little we can sell. If you're so concerned about innovation, why don't you take your precious ideas and go start your own company?

You know what hurts me, Joe? It's people like you who think they're above all this nonsense. You think you're some kind of visionary, but really you're just a bunch of hot air. I've got better things to do than indulge in your pipe dreams.



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, July 13, 1983 04:57 PM
To:      John Bosworth

Categories: Industry News

Subject: The Betrayal of Innovation


Hello John,

Let me cut to the chase. I'm writing to express my deep disappointment and frustration with the way things are going at Cardiff Electric. It's like we're stuck in quicksand, sinking further into mediocrity every day.

I know what you're thinking - "Joe, why so dramatic?" Well, let me tell you, John, when I came to this company, I saw potential. I saw a chance to revolutionize the industry with our innovative spirit and forward-thinking approach. And what do we get? A bunch of bureaucratic nonsense that stifles creativity and crushes morale.

As someone who's been working tirelessly to push the boundaries of what's possible, it hurts me to see this company settle for mediocrity. It's a betrayal of everything we stood for when we started out.

I'm not asking you to agree with me or even like me. What I am asking is that you take a hard look at what's going on and decide if you're really okay with the status quo.


Sincerely,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager, Product Management, Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0132
