
From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Wednesday, July 13, 1983 12:19 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Expense Report

Hi Barry,

I'm feeling rather chipper as I sit down to respond to your email about my expense report. You know, sometimes I think we get so caught up in the details that we forget what it's all about - making progress on our projects! I'm glad you found my report satisfactory; I try to be meticulous with my finances because, well, it's just good business sense.

I have to admit, though, that reviewing expenses can be a bit of a grind. But hey, someone's gotta do it, and I'm happy to take on the task. Speaking of which, have you given any more thought to our ENCORE project? I've been putting in some extra hours thinking about how we can streamline the development process...

Anyway, that's enough about work for now. Let me know if you have any questions or concerns about my expense report. I'm always happy to chat about it!



From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Wednesday, July 13, 1983 12:19 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Expense Report

Hi Gordon,

I've got my expense report in front of me and I'm feeling a little ambivalent about the whole thing. On one hand, I like seeing all these numbers add up to something tangible. On the other hand, it just feels like so much work for something that's not really going to change anything.

Your report looks good, Gordon. You're always been meticulous with your finances. I'm sure you've got everything accounted for. It's just...I don't know, maybe I'm just feeling a little disconnected from all this. Like, what's the point of it all? Is it really going to make a difference in the grand scheme?

Anyway, I'll stop pontificating and just say that your report looks good. If you've got any questions or concerns, feel free to reach out.

Very truly yours,
Barry Shields
+1 512-555-0166
Senior Counsel
Cardiff Electric
Legal


From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Wednesday, July 13, 1983 12:19 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Barry Shields

Categories: Expense Report

Subject:    Expense Report


Dear Malcolm and Barry,

I've compiled my expense report for the month, and I must admit that I'm feeling rather...amiable as I review the numbers. My calculations suggest that I've accrued a total of $1,234.56 in expenses related to the development of the ENCORE project.

In this report, you'll find detailed breakdowns of my expenditures on equipment, travel, and miscellaneous items. I've included receipts for all purchases exceeding $50, as per our company's policy.

I'm confident that a thorough review will reveal no discrepancies or irregularities. As always, I've striven to maintain the highest level of transparency and accountability in my financial records.


Gordon Clark
+1 512-555-0198
Chief Engineer
Cardiff Electric
Engineering

