
From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Thursday, July 14, 1983 01:27 PM
To:      Donna Clark

Categories:    Industry News

Hi Donna,

Oh boy, IBM entering the PC market? That's like a shot of adrenaline straight to the heart of our business! I can see why you're torn between excitement and concern. But let me tell you, this is exactly what we've been waiting for - a catalyst to shake things up and make us more competitive.

I think we should be looking at this as an opportunity to innovate and disrupt ourselves before someone else does it for us. We've always prided ourselves on being the underdog, but now's our chance to show everyone that we're not just scrappy entrepreneurs, but actual game-changers.

As for how we can position ourselves, I think we should start thinking about what makes us unique and how we can capitalize on IBM's entry into the market. Are there areas where we can partner with them? Are there opportunities for us to create our own spin-off products that complement their offerings?

Let's get together soon and brainstorm some ideas.

Very truly yours,
Gordon Clark
Chief Engineer, Cardiff Electric, Engineering
+1 512-555-0198


From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Thursday, July 14, 1983 01:27 PM
To:      Gordon Clark

Categories: Industry News

Subject: Industry News - IBM Announcement


Dear Gordon,

I'm writing to bring to your attention an industry development that I believe warrants consideration. Yesterday, IBM announced plans to enter the PC market with its own branded machines. As you know, this could have significant implications for our business.

To be honest, I'm struggling to reconcile my initial excitement about the news with the potential risks and challenges it poses. On one hand, a major player like IBM entering the market could create new opportunities for us. On the other hand, it also means we'll need to be prepared to compete more aggressively in what's already a crowded space.

I'd appreciate your thoughts on this development and how we can position ourselves to take advantage of any opportunities that arise.


Best regards,
Donna Clark
Director of Operations
Cardiff Electric
Operations

