
From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Tuesday, July 19, 1983 01:57 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; John Bosworth; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Research Collaboration

Dear Yo-Yo,

I'm not sure what kind of sugarcoated fantasy world you're living in, but research collaboration? Are you kidding me? That's just code for "let's steal each other's ideas and credit them to ourselves." I've seen how this works. It's a free-for-all, with everyone trying to one-up each other and get ahead.

And don't even get me started on Gordon's idea of sharing ideas. Ha! Like he's going to let anyone else get the credit for his work. Please. He's as selfish as they come.

Look, Yo-Yo, I know you think you're being all progressive and forward-thinking, but trust me, this collaboration nonsense is a recipe for disaster. Mark my words.

Very truly yours,
Donna Clark
+1 512-555-0156
Director of Operations
Cardiff Electric
Operations


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Tuesday, July 19, 1983 01:57 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; John Bosworth; Donna Clark; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Research Collaboration

Hi Gordon,

I'm feeling rather fond about this idea of research collaboration. It's about time we stopped hoarding our ideas and started sharing them with the rest of the company. I mean, think about it - if we work together, we can achieve so much more than we could on our own.

Now, I know what you're thinking: "But Yo-Yo, what about credit? Who gets to claim all the glory?" And my response is: who cares?! It's not about getting credit; it's about making progress and pushing the boundaries of what's possible. When we work together, everyone benefits - including Cardiff Electric.

So, I say let's schedule that meeting you mentioned and really hash out this idea. I'm excited to hear your thoughts and ideas on how we can make this happen.

Very truly yours,
Yo-Yo Engberk
+1 512-555-0142
Programmer
Software Development
Cardiff Electric


From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Tuesday, July 19, 1983 01:57 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; John Bosworth; Yo-Yo Engberk; Donna Clark

Categories: Research Collaboration

Subject:    Research Collaboration Opportunities


Hi Cameron,
Hello John,
Hi Yo-Yo,
Dear Donna,

I've been pondering the notion that Cardiff Electric's research efforts could benefit from a collaborative approach. As Chief Engineer, I'm keenly aware of our department's strengths and limitations. By pooling resources with other teams, we might accelerate our progress in developing innovative solutions for our clients.

However, I must admit that the prospect of sharing ideas and credit with my peers is...distasteful to me. The thought of someone else getting credit for my work is a constant thorn in my side. Nevertheless, I recognize the value of collaboration and am willing to set aside my reservations for the sake of progress.

I'd appreciate any thoughts or suggestions you might have on this matter. Perhaps we could schedule a meeting to discuss further?

Best regards,
Gordon Clark
Chief Engineer
Cardiff Electric
Engineering Department
+1 512-555-0198
