
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Tuesday, July 19, 1983 01:19 PM
To:      Cameron Howe

Categories:    Volunteer Opportunities

Hi Cameron,

I'm not sure what's going on here. You're talking about volunteering and hackathons, but you're not even bothering to tell me if there's any real money involved? That's not how I operate, Cameron. I need to know that the bottom line is going to be taken care of before I start making any moves.

Now, don't get me wrong - I'm always down for a good time. But I need to make sure that my interests are aligned with whatever it is you're proposing. And until then, I'm staying on the sidelines.

Let's talk about this some more and see where things go.

Very truly yours,

Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer
Cardiff Electric - Software Development
+1 512-555-0142



From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Tuesday, July 19, 1983 01:19 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Volunteer Opportunities

Dear Cameron,

I'm feeling like a kid on Christmas morning, bro. The idea of a hackathon for underprivileged kids gets me stoked. I mean, what's better than combining tech with making a positive impact? It's like a match made in heaven, man. And the Austin Public Library pro bono work sounds like a great way to give back and make a difference.

Let's get this party started! I'm all in for lending a hand (or two) to whatever initiative you're passionate about. When do we start brainstorming and getting organized?



From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Tuesday, July 19, 1983 01:19 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; John Bosworth

Categories: Volunteer Opportunities

Subject: Volunteer Opportunities


Hi Yo-Yo and John,

I'm stoked to be reaching out about some volunteer opportunities that just popped up. As you know, our department's been crushing it with those IBM mainframes, but I think we can do more than just crunch numbers. I've got my eye on a few local initiatives that could use some tech savvy love.

Let me know if any of you are game to lend a hand (or two). I'm thinking a hackathon for underprivileged kids or maybe even some pro bono work with the Austin Public Library. Whatever we choose, I promise it'll be a blast and a great way to give back.

Talk soon,

Cameron Howe
Lead Software Developer
Cardiff Electric - Software Development
+1 512-555-0147

