
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Wednesday, July 20, 1983 01:40 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Industry News

Hi Malcolm,

I'm feeling grateful today. Grateful that we're having this conversation, and grateful that Cardiff Electric is in a position to capitalize on the changes happening in our industry.

I have to disagree with you about IBM getting into the PC game. This is huge news! It's like the whole landscape of our industry has shifted overnight. And I think you're wrong about Apple buying out Microsoft too - that's not what this is about. This is about the future of computing, and we need to be at the forefront of it.

Let's not get complacent or stuck in our ways just because things have worked out for us so far. We need to stay ahead of the curve and keep innovating. Cardiff Electric needs to lead the charge here, Malcolm. We can't afford to sit back and watch others take control.

Let's grab lunch soon and discuss this further.



From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Wednesday, July 20, 1983 01:40 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Industry News

Hi Cameron,

I got the memo. IBM is playing with fire and we're all going to get burned if we don't keep our eyes on the prize. You're right, Cardiff Electric needs to stay ahead of the curve, but I'm not convinced that this new development means we should be scrambling to adapt.

Look, I know you're excited about the prospect of Apple buying out Microsoft, but let's not forget that we've been down this road before. Remember when everyone thought the minicomputer was going to change everything? Yeah, didn't exactly pan out like that.

I'm not saying we should be complacent or anything, but let's not get ahead of ourselves here. We need to take a step back and assess what this really means for our company and our industry as a whole before we start making rash decisions.

Let's grab lunch another time and discuss this in more detail. I'd love to hear your thoughts on the matter.

Very truly yours,
Malcolm Levitan
+1 512-555-0182
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Wednesday, July 20, 1983 01:40 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Industry News

Subject: 

Hello Malcolm, Yo-Yo, and Debbie,

I'm feeling like I just got a whiff of something amazing happening in the world. IBM just announced they're getting into the PC game big time. Can you believe it? The whole industry is about to get turned on its head. I mean, what's next? Apple buying out Microsoft?

Seriously though, this changes everything. We need to be ready to adapt and take advantage of this shift. Cardiff Electric needs to stay ahead of the curve here.

Let's grab lunch and discuss how we can capitalize on this opportunity.

Best,
Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development
