
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, July 20, 1983 03:41 PM
To:      Barry Shields; John Bosworth; Larry Goins; Ed Burris; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Apology

Hi Yo-Yo,

I understand where you're coming from. We've all had our share of setbacks, but that's just part of the game. What matters is how we respond to them. And I'm telling you, we're not going to let a little hiccup like this derail us.

Look, I get it - sometimes it feels like we're putting band-aids on deeper wounds. But what I think is that we're just getting started. We've got the passion, the drive, and the talent to make something truly remarkable happen. And you know why? Because we're not just a team of individuals; we're a family.

So let's put our heads together, regroup, and refocus. Let's learn from our mistakes and come back stronger than ever. I'm confident that we can do just that.

Let's move forward with renewed energy and a clear vision for what's possible.



From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Wednesday, July 20, 1983 03:41 PM
To:      Barry Shields; John Bosworth; Larry Goins; Ed Burris; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Apology

Dear Joe,

I'm not sure what to say. You're right, we've all been there - bumps in the road, unexpected twists. But that doesn't make it any easier. I keep thinking about the things we could have done differently... The what-ifs are eating at me.

I know you're trying to rally us, but to be honest, I'm feeling pretty guilty right now. Guilty for not seeing this coming sooner. Guilty for not being able to fix everything on my own. Guilty for putting so much pressure on myself and others.

Look, Joe, I appreciate your encouragement. But sometimes it feels like we're just putting band-aids on deeper wounds. We need to take a step back and figure out why these setbacks keep happening.

I don't want to be the one to rain on your parade, but I think we owe it to ourselves - and our colleagues - to have an honest conversation about what's going wrong.

Very truly yours,

Yo-Yo Engberk
+1 512-555-0142
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, July 20, 1983 03:41 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Yo-Yo Engberk; John Bosworth; Larry Goins; Ed Burris

Categories: Apology

Subject: 

Apology and Next Steps


Hello Team,

Let's put the recent setbacks behind us. We've all been there - bumps in the road, unexpected twists. But that's exactly why we need to double down on our mission. I'm confident that together, we can create something truly revolutionary.

Now is the time for us to regroup and refocus. Let's use this as an opportunity to learn from our mistakes and come back stronger than ever.

I want to assure you all that your hard work and dedication have not gone unnoticed. We're on the cusp of something big, and I know we can get there if we stay committed.

Let's move forward with renewed energy and a clear vision for what's possible.


Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager
Cardiff Electric
Product Management


