
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, July 27, 1983 11:46 AM
To:      Gordon Clark; John Bosworth; Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Product Launch

Hi Ed,

I'm feeling just as inspired as you are. Losing Big Blue was a blow, but I think we can use that energy to fuel our next move. And I love your idea of building something truly innovative - let's make it happen.

Tomorrow's meeting with the team will be crucial in getting us back on track. I want to focus on what we can control and build momentum around this product launch. Let's not waste any more time feeling sorry for ourselves; it's time to get back in the game.

I'm looking forward to seeing you tomorrow morning at 9 am, ready to tackle this new challenge together.



From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Wednesday, July 27, 1983 11:46 AM
To:      Gordon Clark; John Bosworth; Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Product Launch

Hi Joe,

I'm feeling pretty inspired right now. Losing Big Blue was tough, but I think we can use that as fuel to drive us forward. I love what you're saying about being pioneers in this industry - it's a great reminder that we have the power to shape our own destiny.

Regarding the product launch, I think we should focus on building something truly innovative and groundbreaking. Let's not just try to recreate Big Blue or some other existing product. Instead, let's use our combined expertise and creativity to create something that will really shake things up.

I'm looking forward to tomorrow's meeting with you, Gordon, John, and Donna. I think we'll come out of it with a clear plan for moving forward and launching our new product in a way that will really make an impact.

Very truly yours,
Ed Burris
Project Manager
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0155


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, July 27, 1983 11:46 AM
To:      Ed Burris; Gordon Clark; John Bosworth; Donna Clark

Categories: Product Launch

Subject: 

What's Next After Big Blue?

Dear Team,

It's been a tough few days. Losing Big Blue feels like losing a part of ourselves. But as we mourn, I want to remind you that we're not just a team - we're pioneers in this industry. And pioneers don't get stuck on the sidelines.

We need to move forward, and fast. We have a product launch to plan, and I know each and every one of you is itching to get back to work. So let's focus on what we can control: building something better, faster, and more innovative than ever before.

Gordon, John, and Donna - I'd like to schedule a meeting with you all tomorrow morning at 9 am to discuss the next steps. Let's not waste any more time feeling sorry for ourselves; it's time to get back in the game.

Let's make this happen, Cardiff Electric style.

Best,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager, Product Management
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0132

