
From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Wednesday, July 27, 1983 03:36 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Malcolm Levitan; John Bosworth

Categories:    Reminder

Hi John,

I'm not sure what kind of momentum you're talking about, but from where I'm standing, we're stuck in neutral. I mean, don't get me wrong, the numbers might look good on paper, but let's be real, those numbers are as reliable as a used car salesman's promise.

I think Donna hit the nail on the head - we need to stop pretending like everything is okay and face reality for once. We can't keep kicking the can down the road, hoping something miraculous will happen. It's time to get our hands dirty and make some real changes around here.

Let's not kid ourselves, John. We're in a world of trouble, and trying to tap into some mythical fire ain't gonna cut it. We need a solid plan, and we need to stop listening to those so-called "experts" who think they know what they're doing.



From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Wednesday, July 27, 1983 03:36 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Malcolm Levitan; Larry Goins; John Bosworth

Categories:    Reminder

Dear John,

I'm not sure what kind of momentum you're talking about, but right now I feel like we're just trying to stay afloat. This whole thing with the company is a mess. And don't even get me started on the latest "numbers" that are supposed to be looking good. You know as well as I do that those numbers are as reliable as a broken clock.

I'm not going to sugarcoat it for you, John. We're in trouble. Big time. And trying to tap into some mythical fire or whatever isn't going to fix this. What we need is a solid plan and some real leadership around here.

So, until someone figures out what the hell they're doing, I'm just going to keep my head down and try to make sure the wheels don't completely fall off. You can count me in for that much, at least.

Very truly yours,
Donna Clark
+1 512-555-0156
Director of Operations, Cardiff Electric, Operations


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Wednesday, July 27, 1983 03:36 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Barry Shields; Malcolm Levitan; Larry Goins

Categories: Reminder

Subject: Reminder: Let's Keep Momentum Going!

Dear Team,

Let's not get too comfortable - we've got work to do. Our numbers are looking good, but we can't let that slow us down. We need to keep pushing forward and stay focused on our goals.

I know things have been tough lately, but I believe in each and every one of you. Let's tap back into that fire and get moving again. We've got this!

Best,
John Bosworth
+1 512-555-0179
Vice President of Sales, Cardiff Electric
Sale