From:	Aaron Horvitz <aaronnhorvitz@gmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, October 11, 2023 5:53 PM
To:	LeVine, Jennifer
Subject:	Re: [External] Re: A Message from your Head of School

Hi Jennifer, 

We are likely to keep Artie home on Friday. I may not look it, but I served in the 2nd Ranger 
Battalion ( SOCOM ) in 2001 and 2002. From what I saw, Muslim extremist groups rarely 
make empty threats. In fact, they often act without making any threats at all.

As you know there are at least a thousand die-hard Hamas supporters in Houston, and it's 
impossible for law enforcement to track most of them. All of them have access to an 
abundance of cheap weapons.

Thankfully, your efforts have made BYDS a more difficult target. However, it doesn't make 
sense to take any risks with Artie, even though the risk may be relatively low. Taking a day 
off work to spend a day at NASA may be a fun excursion for us too.

Please stay safe, and be well. Thank you again for everything you are doing.

Warm regards,
Aaron 


On Wed, Oct 11, 2023 at 4:59 PM LeVine, Jennifer <jlevine@byds.org> wrote:
Thank you! I appreciate this! It’s not easy for anyone right now. 

L’Shalom,

Jennifer LeVine
Head of School
 
From: Aaron Horvitz <aaronnhorvitz@gmail.com> 
Sent: Wednesday, October 11, 2023 4:49:31 PM 
To: LeVine, Jennifer <jlevine@byds.org> 
Subject: [External] Re: A Message from your Head of School 
 
Thank you so much for these updates! You are wonderful.  

Shalom, 
Aaron 

On Wed, Oct 11, 2023 at 2:42?PM Jennifer LeVine, Head of School 
<byds@myschoolemails.com> wrote:
If you are having trouble viewing this email, click here

 

BB Home | BYDS Calendar | Connect

Dear BYDS Families,  
 
Many of you may have seen or will see a video calling for violence against Jews around the world 
specifically this Friday 10/13. As you know, BYDS works very closely with the Secure Community Network, 
the Jewish Federation of Greater Houston, and local and national law enforcement agencies. They are 
keeping us apprised of all security updates that may affect our local community and there is not currently 
a specific threat in Houston. As of this moment, we have been advised to continue operating school “as 
normal” with our already heightened security measures in place. As always, the safety of our students, 
faculty, staff, and families are our top priority.
 
Should we receive any additional notifications or changes to this information, we will share them directly 
with you via email. 
 
Am Yisrael Chai! 
 
L’Shalom,
 
Jennifer LeVine
Head of School
 
 Beth Yeshurun Day School
713-666-1884
www.byds.org



4525 Beechnut Street | Houston, Texas 77096-1896 | 713.666.1884 | www.byds.org
 



 
This e-mail was sent to AaronNHorvitz@gmail.com by byds@myschoolemails.com. You may unsubscribe if 
you no longer wish to receive e-mails sent to this recipient list.
