
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Wednesday, January 05, 1983 09:27 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Research Collaboration

Dear Donna and everyone,

Oh man, losing Cameron is like... I don't know, it's like having a whole bag of sugar spill all over your keyboard. It's just so messed up! But, you know, we can't let his passing bring us down. We gotta keep moving forward.

Gordon's idea about research collaboration sounds pretty cool to me. I mean, who doesn't love a good game-changer? And hey, maybe we can even figure out what Cameron would've wanted from us. That'd be something, right?

Let's schedule that meeting or phone call Gordon was talking about. I'm down to brainstorm and see where this new research takes us.



From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Wednesday, January 05, 1983 09:27 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Yo-Yo Engberk; Ed Burris; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Research Collaboration

Hi Gordon,

I'm still trying to process everything that happened with Cameron. It feels like a punch in the gut, you know? And now you're talking about research collaboration and game-changing ideas... it's all just feeling a little overwhelming right now.

Look, I appreciate your enthusiasm, but can we take this one step at a time? I'm not sure I'm ready to dive into new research projects just yet. Maybe after some time has passed...



From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Wednesday, January 05, 1983 09:27 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Donna Clark; Yo-Yo Engberk; Ed Burris

Categories: Research Collaboration

Subject: Research Collaboration


Dear Debbie,

I'm not sure where to start. Losing Cameron was like losing a part of myself. The more I think about it, the more I realize how little we actually knew him. I mean, what did he really want from us? Was it just a desire for validation or was there something deeper?

In any case, I've been going over our research data and I think I might have stumbled upon an idea that could potentially revolutionize our approach to PC manufacturing. It's still early days, but I believe it has the potential to be game-changing.

I'd love to discuss this further with you, Donna, Yo-Yo, and Ed. Perhaps we can schedule a meeting or even just a phone call to go over my thoughts? I think it would be beneficial for all of us to get together and hash out our ideas.

Let me know what you think.


Gordon Clark
+1 512-555-0198
Chief Engineer, Cardiff Electric
Engineering

