
From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Wednesday, January 05, 1983 10:43 AM
To:      Barry Shields; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Industry News

Hi Donna,

I'm thrilled to hear that you're keeping an eye on industry developments. Cameron's right, of course - IBM's new PC operating system does seem like a big deal. But let's not get ahead of ourselves just yet. I'm with you, Donna - we don't want to get caught up in every fleeting trend.

I think it's smart to keep a close eye on IBM's plans, but we also can't lose sight of our own goals and priorities here at Cardiff Electric. After all, as the saying goes, "the revolution will not be televised, but it'll definitely be digitized" - love that phrase!

Let me know if you have any other insights or concerns. I'm always happy to discuss industry developments with you.

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary
Cardiff Electric
Administration


From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Wednesday, January 05, 1983 10:43 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Industry News

Hi Cameron,

I'm glad you're keeping an eye out for industry developments. The IBM PC operating system announcement does seem like a big deal, but I'm with you - let's not get too excited just yet. We've seen plenty of hype around new technologies that ultimately don't deliver.

As Director of Operations at Cardiff Electric, my priority is ensuring our company stays ahead of the curve without getting caught up in every fleeting trend. I think it's smart to keep a close eye on IBM's plans, but we shouldn't lose sight of our own goals and priorities.

Let me know if you have any other insights or concerns. I'm always happy to discuss industry developments with you.

Very truly yours,
Donna Clark
+1 512-555-0156
Director of Operations
Cardiff Electric
Operations


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Wednesday, January 05, 1983 10:43 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields; Donna Clark

Categories: Industry News

Subject: 

Hello Debbie, Barry, Donna,

The revolution will not be televised, but it'll definitely be digitized. IBM just announced a new PC operating system that's supposed to change the game. I'm calling BS on most of the hype, but it's worth keeping an eye on.

What do you think? Is Big Blue finally getting with the times?

Best,
Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development
