
From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Monday, January 10, 1983 09:25 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; John Bosworth; Cameron Howe; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Internal Announcement

Dear Joe,

I have to say, I'm feeling a little curious about all this. Revolutionizing technology? Redefining what's possible? You're not just talking about a new product or two, are you? You're talking about changing the game.

Now, I know you've always been one to think big, but even for you, this sounds like a pretty bold move. I'm intrigued, though. What makes you think we can do it?

Let's talk more about this vision of yours. I want to hear all about it.



From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Monday, January 10, 1983 09:25 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; John Bosworth; Cameron Howe; Debbie Malinowski; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Internal Announcement

Hi Joe,

I'm feeling zealous, and that's not just because of the coffee. Your email has got me pumped up and ready to take on the world. Or at least Cardiff Electric.

You're talking about taking our company to new heights? I'm right there with you. We've been stuck in a rut for too long, and it's time we shook things off. I mean, have you seen some of the tech coming out of California lately? We need to up our game if we want to stay relevant.

I love your enthusiasm, Joe. It's infectious. And I agree, we do have an opportunity to redefine what's possible here. Let's not waste it.

Very truly yours,
Gordon Clark
+1 512-555-0198
Chief Engineer, Cardiff Electric
Engineerin

From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Monday, January 10, 1983 09:25 AM
To:      Gordon Clark; Yo-Yo Engberk; John Bosworth; Cameron Howe; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Internal Announcement

Subject:    
New Horizons for Cardiff Electric

Dear Team,

I'm thrilled to share with you a vision that's been burning bright within me - to revolutionize the world of technology and take Cardiff Electric to new heights. As we stand at the threshold of a new era, I believe it's our duty to push the boundaries of innovation and make a lasting impact.

We've made significant strides in recent months, but I know we're capable of so much more. It's time to dream big, think outside the box, and create something truly remarkable. Are you with me?

Let's seize this moment to redefine what's possible and bring Cardiff Electric into the spotlight. Together, let's make this happen.

Best regards,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager
Cardiff Electric
Product Management
+1 512-555-0132

