
From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Tuesday, January 11, 1983 01:54 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Condolences

Dear Yo-Yo,

I'm not sure how to put this, but I think we're done. Finished. Kaput. It's like we're just going through the motions now, trying to fix a Frankenstein's monster of code instead of building something real.

And it's not even like we can blame Gordon for being pessimistic or anything. I mean, have you seen his face lately? He looks like he's been staring at a bug in the system for hours on end. And don't even get me started on my own state of mind... Despair doesn't even begin to cover it.

I guess what I'm saying is that I think we've lost our way, Yo-Yo. We used to be all about pushing boundaries and taking risks, but now it just feels like we're trying to keep our heads above water. And honestly, I don't know how much longer I can keep going like this.

Very truly yours,
Barry Shields
Senior Counsel, Cardiff Electric
Lega

From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Tuesday, January 11, 1983 01:54 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Condolences

Dear Yo-Yo,

I'm not sure what's more disappointing - the fact that our project's momentum has stalled or that you think we're just patching together a Frankenstein's monster of code. I mean, come on, man. We're engineers, not miracle workers.

Look, I know things have been tough lately, but I don't think it's fair to say we've lost our enthusiasm. We're working hard, Yo-Yo. We're just facing some challenges is all. And yeah, maybe we're not the most optimistic bunch, but that's because we're trying to build something real here.

As for your offer of assistance, thanks, I guess. But let's be real - you're not exactly swimming in optimism yourself. I mean, have you seen your face lately? It's like you're trying to debug your own expectations or something.

Anyway, thanks for reaching out, Yo-Yo. Just don't expect me to start sipping coffee and brainstorming till 3 AM again anytime soon.

Very truly yours,
Gordon Clark
Chief Engineer, Cardiff Electric
Engineering


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Tuesday, January 11, 1983 01:54 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Barry Shields

Categories: Condolences

Subject: Condolences to Gordon and Barry


Dear Gordon, Hi Barry,

I'm writing to express my condolences for the apparent demise of our project's momentum. It seems like we've hit a major bug - not in the code, but in our collective enthusiasm. I mean, what happened to the days when we'd stay up till 3 AM brainstorming and sipping coffee? Now it feels like we're just going through the motions.

Don't get me wrong, I'm still committed to making this thing work. But honestly, sometimes I feel like we're just patching together a Frankenstein's monster of code and hoping for the best. It's like we're trying to debug our own expectations.

Anyway, I just wanted to reach out and say that I'm still here, and I'm still willing to help us "catch fire" (get it? Halt and Catch Fire? Ah, nevermind...). Let me know if you need any assistance or just someone to vent to.

Best,
Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer, Cardiff Electric
Software Development Department
+1 512-555-0142
