
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, January 12, 1983 09:39 AM
To:      Cameron Howe

Categories:    Social Event

Hi Malcolm,

I'm glad to hear you're feeling restless. It's about time we all got out of our shells and did something other than staring at screens all day. Your idea for a game night or movie night sounds like just the thing to mix things up around here.

As long as there aren't any corporate types invited, I'm in. Let me know what you're thinking and when you want to do it, and I'll make sure to clear my schedule.

Warm regards,

Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager
Product Management
Cardiff Electric



From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Wednesday, January 12, 1983 09:39 AM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Social Event

Dear Cameron,

I'm feeling restless. Too many nights spent staring at screens and not enough real human interaction. Your email was a welcome respite from the monotony of it all.

As for your suggestion, I'm intrigued by the idea of a game night or movie night. It's been far too long since we've had some decent socializing around here. Maybe we can even convince Joe to join us and mix things up a bit. Who knows, maybe we'll have some actual fun.

I'll start making some calls and see what I can round up. Let me know if you have any ideas or preferences for the type of gathering.

Very truly yours,

Malcolm Levitan
+1 512-555-0182
Programmer
Software Development
Cardiff Electric



From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Wednesday, January 12, 1983 09:39 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Joe MacMillan

Categories: Social Event

Subject: 

What's the plan, Malcolm? Joe?

Hello,

I'm feeling like we need to shake things up around here. The same old routine every day is getting me down. How about we plan something social for this weekend? Maybe a game night or a movie night at someone's place? I'm not really in the mood to go out, but if there are others who want to hang loose at home, that could be fun too.

Let me know what you guys think.

Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development
