
From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Wednesday, January 12, 1983 12:28 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Ed Burris; Larry Goins; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Internal Announcement

Dear Yo-Yo,

I'm not sure what to make of all this. On one hand, I'm excited to hear that we're working on a new project and that it has the potential to bring in some serious revenue. But on the other hand, I'm feeling a little left out. You mention Gordon giving you the green light, but I don't feel like I was included in any of those discussions.

I know I'm just the secretary, but as someone who's been working here for a while, I think it would be helpful to get some more information about what this project entails and how we're all supposed to work together on it. Are there going to be meetings? Is there a specific team that will be working on it?

I'm just feeling a little confused and left out of the loop, to be honest. I hope you can help clarify things for me.



From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Wednesday, January 12, 1983 12:28 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Ed Burris; Debbie Malinowski; Larry Goins

Categories: Internal Announcement

Subject: Internal Announcement: New Project Lead


Hello Team,

I'm writing to announce that we're spinning up a new project, and I'm getting a little excited (and nervous) about it. As you know, our fearless leader Gordon has given me the green light to take the reins on this one, and I want to make sure everyone is aware of what's coming down the pipeline.

So, here's the deal: we're going to be working on a top-secret project (just kidding, it's not that secret) to develop some innovative new software for our clients. It's going to be a game-changer, if I do say so myself.

Now, I know what you're thinking - "Yo-Yo, why should I care?" Well, let me tell you: this project has the potential to bring in some serious revenue and put us on the map as industry leaders. Plus, it's going to be a blast working with all of you talented folks (ahem, Gordon).

So, here are the details:

* Project name: "Project Sparkle" (working title, subject to change)
* Goal: Develop a new software solution that will revolutionize the way our clients do business
* Timeline: We'll be working on this for the next 6-8 weeks

If you have any questions or want to get involved, hit reply and let's chat. I'm stoked to work with all of you on this project!

Best,
Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0142
