
From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Wednesday, January 12, 1983 10:13 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins; Joe MacMillan; Gordon Clark; John Bosworth; Barry Shields; Donna Clark

Categories:    Expense Report

Dear Donna,

I'm not sure if I should be thrilled or terrified that Cameron is celebrating his latest paycheck, but I'll let it slide. In any case, I'm feeling a bit conflicted about this expense report request. On one hand, I understand the importance of getting these reports in on time to avoid budget issues. On the other hand, I've got my own plate full with more pressing matters.

I'm still trying to wrap my head around what constitutes an "expense" versus a "business expense." It's like trying to sort through a pile of spaghetti - it all looks the same to me! If you could provide some clarification or guidelines on what we're looking for, I'd appreciate it.

I'll do my best to prioritize this task, but if I don't get some direction soon, I might just end up with a headache instead of a completed report. 

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary
Administration
Cardiff Electric


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Wednesday, January 12, 1983 10:13 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski; Larry Goins; Joe MacMillan; Gordon Clark; John Bosworth; Barry Shields; Donna Clark

Categories:    Expense Report

Hi Donna,

WOOHOO! Finally, an expense report that needs attention! You know why? Because I just got my latest paycheck and I'm feeling like a million bucks! Okay, okay, focus, Cameron. Right.

Seriously though, I've been meaning to get this done all week, but you know how it is - priorities, deadlines, and all that jazz. But now that you've reminded me, I'll make sure to prioritize it above all else (just like you asked).

I'll get my report in by the end of the week, no problem! And I'll make sure to double-check those numbers to ensure we're not over- or under-budget. You can count on me!



From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Wednesday, January 12, 1983 10:13 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski; Larry Goins; Cameron Howe; Joe MacMillan; Gordon Clark; John Bosworth; Barry Shields

Categories: Expense Report

Subject:    Expense Report


Dear All,

I'm writing to request that everyone submit their expense reports as soon as possible. We're experiencing a significant discrepancy between actual and projected expenses, and I need your help to get this under control. If we don't get these reports in by the end of the week, it will put our entire budget at risk.

Please prioritize this task above all else. Every minute counts.

Best,
Donna Clark
+1 512-555-0156
Director of Operations
Cardiff Electric
Operations

