
From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Monday, January 17, 1983 03:00 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Donna Clark; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Expense Report

Dear Debbie,

Ah, vindication is sweet. I'm glad someone finally woke up to the fact that our accounting department was a joke. And now, they're trying to fix it with this new expense reporting system? Please.

You want us to change horses mid-stream? That's rich coming from you, after all the chaos and confusion you've brought to Cardiff Electric. I mean, who thought it was a good idea to make things so complicated?

Let me tell you, Debbie, I'm not buying into this new system. It's just another way for the accounting department to waste our time and energy. And what's with all these forms and categories? Can't we just stick with what works and worry about this new-fangled nonsense later?



From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Monday, January 17, 1983 03:00 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Donna Clark; Gordon Clark; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Expense Report

Dear Debbie,

I'm not buying what you're selling. This new expense reporting system is a recipe for disaster if you ask me. You're asking us to change horses mid-stream, and that's just asking for trouble.

How are we supposed to know what forms to fill out or when? It's like trying to navigate a minefield without a map. And don't even get me started on the categories. I mean, who thought it was a good idea to make things so complicated?

I'm not saying I'm against change, but sometimes less is more, you know? Can we just stick with what works and worry about this new-fangled nonsense later?



From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Monday, January 17, 1983 03:00 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Larry Goins; Donna Clark; Gordon Clark; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Expense Report

Hi Debbie,

I'm worried about this expense reporting system. What if we mess up and forget to submit something? And what's with all these forms and categories? It's like you're trying to make our lives more complicated than they already are.

I mean, I get it, we need a system that works. But can't we just stick with the old way of doing things for now? At least until we get used to this new one?

Please tell me there's an escape clause or something.



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Monday, January 17, 1983 03:00 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Barry Shields; Larry Goins; Donna Clark; Gordon Clark

Categories: Expense Report

Subject: Expense Report

Dear Team,

I'm excited to share that our new expense reporting system is up and running! As we transition away from paper forms, I'd like to remind everyone to submit their reports promptly. If you have any questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to reach out.

Best regards,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Administration
Cardiff Electric

