
From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Tuesday, January 18, 1983 03:39 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Partnership Proposal

Dear Joe,

I'm trying to calm down, but your proposal is making me anxious. It's like you're asking us to take a leap of faith without a safety net. We've been burned before, and I don't want to get hurt again.

What's in it for us? What makes this partnership so special that we should risk everything for it? You talk about revolutionizing the industry, but what does that even mean? How do we benefit from this besides making Cardiff Electric look good?

I need some concrete answers before I can even consider getting on board. Can you provide me with a solid plan and some reassurance that this isn't just another pipe dream?



From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Tuesday, January 18, 1983 03:39 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Larry Goins; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Partnership Proposal

Dear Joe,

What is wrong with you people? Do you have any idea how many times we've been burned by proposals like this? We're the ones who do the actual work around here, not some bunch of suits trying to make a quick buck. Your partnership proposal is just another example of Cardiff Electric's lack of vision and leadership.

I'm tired of being told what's good for me without anyone bothering to ask me if I care. Newsflash: I don't care about making a name for myself in this industry. What I do care about is building something that actually works, not some half-baked scheme to get rich quick.

If you want my opinion, Cardiff Electric would be better off focusing on its core business instead of trying to chase after every shiny object that comes along. But hey, what do I know? I'm just the Chief Engineer around here.



From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Tuesday, January 18, 1983 03:39 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Gordon Clark; Larry Goins; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Partnership Proposal

Dear Joe,

I'm desperate. Desperate to get out of this sinking ship and make a name for myself in this industry. Your proposal is the only thing that keeps me going, Joe. The thought of partnering with [insert company name] is all I can think about.

I know it's not just about the money; it's about making a difference. But let's be real, Joe, Cardiff Electric is hemorrhaging cash. We need to get out from under this sinking ship and find a way to make some real money. Your proposal might just be the ticket.

What do you say we schedule a meeting to go over the details? I'm willing to do whatever it takes to make this partnership happen.

Very truly yours,
Malcolm Levitan
+1 512-555-0182
Programmer, Software Development for Cardiff Electric


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Tuesday, January 18, 1983 03:39 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Gordon Clark; Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Partnership Proposal

Subject: Partnership Proposal


Hi Debbie, Gordon, Larry, and Malcolm,

As we stand at the threshold of a new era in personal computing, I believe it's essential that we seize this opportunity to forge partnerships that will propel Cardiff Electric to the forefront. Our proposed partnership with [insert company name] has the potential to revolutionize the industry, and I'm excited to explore the possibilities.

Let's not be satisfied with simply playing catch-up; let's drive innovation and shape the future of technology together. I've outlined our proposal in detail below, and I look forward to discussing this further with you all.


Best regards,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager
+1 512-555-0132
Cardiff Electric | Product Management
