
From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Wednesday, January 19, 1983 01:57 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Cameron Howe; Donna Clark; Ed Burris

Categories:    Training and Development

Dear Ed,

I'm reading your email and all I can think is that we're stuck in some kind of corporate quicksand. You're talking about training and development initiatives like they're some kind of magic bullet. Newsflash: they're not. We've been down this road before, Ed. Remember when we were supposed to be revolutionizing the way Cardiff Electric did business? Yeah, that was a joke.

Listen, I'm desperate for something - anything - to get us out of this rut. And you know what it's not going to be? More training sessions. It's like trying to teach a cat to do tricks. We need a fundamental shift in our approach, Ed. We need to stop talking about "alignment" and start making some real changes.

Let's meet up and talk about something that actually matters. Like how we're all just stuck in this soulless company going through the motions.



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, January 19, 1983 01:57 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Barry Shields; Cameron Howe; Donna Clark; Ed Burris

Categories:    Training and Development

Dear Ed,

I'm not sure what kind of training and development initiative is going to make a difference around here. It feels like we're just trying to put lipstick on a pig. The more I think about it, the more I realize that our biggest problem isn't that we need better skills or training - it's that we don't have a clear vision for what Cardiff Electric should be.

You can give me all the training and development initiatives in the world, but if we're not working towards something meaningful, then what's the point? It just feels like we're spinning our wheels.

I'm happy to meet with you to discuss this further. Maybe we can find a way to align our goals and make some real progress.



From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Wednesday, January 19, 1983 01:57 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Barry Shields; Cameron Howe; Joe MacMillan; Donna Clark

Categories: Training and Development

Subject: 

Training and Development Initiative Update


Hi Malcolm, Barry, Cameron, Joe, Donna,

I'm thrilled to share that our training and development initiative is making great progress. Our objectives are aligned with the company's strategic goals, and I'm confident we'll see significant improvements in our team's skills and productivity.

Here are the key updates:

• We've finalized the curriculum for our first round of training sessions.
• The instructor has been selected, and we're on track to start the program by the end of Q2.
• A comprehensive evaluation framework is being developed to assess the effectiveness of the training program.

I'd like to schedule a meeting with each of you to discuss your individual goals and objectives for this initiative. I'm looking forward to hearing your thoughts and ideas on how we can best support our team's development.

Please let me know a time that works for you, and I'll make sure to accommodate it.

Best regards,

Ed Burris
Project Manager
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0155
