
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Sunday, January 23, 1983 11:02 AM
To:      Ed Burris; Gordon Clark; Barry Shields; Debbie Malinowski; Larry Goins

Categories:    Vacation Notice

Hi Larry,

I'm writing to say that I've been obsessing over your vacation notice. Obsessing, you ask? Yes, obsessing! It's not every day that someone like me gets a glimpse into the mystical realm of work-life balance. And let me tell you, it's giving me all sorts of ideas!

Now, about your auto-response mode... I think it's genius! Genius, I say! We should totally implement something similar here at Cardiff Electric. Can you imagine it? "Yo-Yo's away, but his email is still working hard for you!" Ha!

Seriously though, Larry, please don't forget to set up that backup contact just in case anything... unexpected happens. You know how we programmers can get carried away with our code.

Very truly yours,
Yo-Yo Engberk
+1 512-555-0142
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development


From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Sunday, January 23, 1983 11:02 AM
To:      Ed Burris; Gordon Clark; Barry Shields; Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Vacation Notice

Subject: Vacation Notice


Dear Ed, Gordon, Barry, Yo-Yo, Debbie,

Listen up, folks. It's time to get real about vacation plans. As you know, Cardiff Electric values work-life balance almost as much as we value getting our hands dirty with code. So, I'm giving everyone a heads-up that I'll be taking some well-deserved R&R from July 15th to August 1st.

Now, before the panic sets in, let me assure you that all support requests will be handled by our team of experts (wink). In case of an emergency, please don't hesitate to reach out. My backup contact is [insert name], who's more than happy to help with any pressing issues.

Just remember: when I'm away, my email will auto-response mode, so you won't get any pesky notifications or spammy updates from me. You're welcome!


Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support
