
From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Tuesday, January 25, 1983 01:10 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Larry Goins; Yo-Yo Engberk; John Bosworth

Categories:    Wellness Check

Dear John,

Confidence is key when it comes to innovation, and that's exactly what this Wellness Check program embodies. I'm thrilled to hear that Cardiff Electric is prioritizing the well-being of its team members - it's a bold move, but one that will undoubtedly pay dividends in the long run.

As someone who's always pushing the boundaries of what's possible with code, I appreciate the emphasis on staying focused and motivated. It's easy to get caught up in the hustle and bustle of development, but knowing that there are resources available to support my mental and physical health is a huge relief.

I'm excited to see how this program will roll out and how we can all benefit from it. I'm confident that with this initiative, Cardiff Electric will continue to be at the forefront of innovation in the software industry.

Very truly yours,
Malcolm Levitan
+1 512-555-0182
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Tuesday, January 25, 1983 01:10 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Barry Shields; Larry Goins; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories: Wellness Check

Subject:    Wellness Check


Hi Malcolm, Barry, Larry, and Yo-Yo,

I'm pumped to be sharing some exciting news with all of you. As we continue to push the boundaries of innovation at Cardiff Electric, I want to make sure we're taking care of ourselves along the way. That's why I'm introducing our new Wellness Check program.

This program is designed to help us stay focused, motivated, and healthy as we tackle the challenges ahead. It's a simple yet effective way to prioritize our well-being and ensure we're performing at our best.

I believe this initiative has the potential to make a real difference in our lives and our work. I encourage each of you to participate and take advantage of the resources available to us.

Let's do this, team!

John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric
Sales
+1 512-555-0179
