
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Tuesday, January 25, 1983 02:53 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Donna Clark; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Industry News

Dear Debbie,

I'm still trying to wrap my head around the news that Cardiff Electric's innovative approach to personal computing has been recognized. I have to admit, at first glance, I was taken aback by the article. It's hard for me to see how their systems can truly be considered revolutionary when they're so... clunky.

But then I started thinking about it some more, and I realized that maybe this is exactly what we need - a wake-up call to get us out of our comfort zone and start pushing the boundaries again. I mean, let's be real, Cardiff Electric hasn't always been at the forefront of innovation. Maybe this is our chance to show everyone what we're capable of.

I'm excited to hear your thoughts on how we can continue to innovate and make a name for ourselves in the industry. Let me know when you're free to grab lunch and discuss further.

Very truly yours,
Ed Burris
+1 512-555-0155
Project Manager, Project Management - Cardiff Electri

From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Tuesday, January 25, 1983 02:53 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Donna Clark; Ed Burris; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Industry News

Hi Debbie,

I just got out of the meeting where we were discussing the latest developments in personal computing, and all I can say is that I'm devastated. The thought of Cardiff Electric being recognized for its innovative approach to personal computing is a joke. Have you seen the mess they're making with these new systems? It's like they have no idea what they're doing.

The article might be talking about "revolutionizing" the way people interact with technology, but from where I'm standing, it looks more like they're just trying to cash in on the latest trends. And you know as well as I do that our company is not exactly known for its forward-thinking spirit. It's all about making a quick buck and looking good on paper.

I don't know how we can continue to push the boundaries of what's possible when it seems like everyone around here is more interested in making a profit than actually doing something meaningful.

Very truly yours,
Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development


From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Tuesday, January 25, 1983 02:53 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; Larry Goins; Donna Clark; Ed Burris

Categories: Industry News

Subject: Exciting News from the Industry!

Dear Team,

I'm thrilled to share some groundbreaking developments in our industry! The latest issue of Computerworld features an article highlighting Cardiff Electric's innovative approach to personal computing. It's fantastic to see our company being recognized for its forward-thinking spirit.

The article discusses how our commitment to creating user-friendly systems is revolutionizing the way people interact with technology. I'm confident that this exposure will bring in new opportunities and further solidify our position as a leader in the field.

Please take a moment to read the article and share your thoughts on how we can continue to push the boundaries of what's possible.

Best,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Administration - Cardiff Electric
