
From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Tuesday, January 25, 1983 02:49 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Office Relocation

Dear Debbie,

It's like I'm watching my old self fade away, you know? This office relocation thing has got me feeling down in the dumps. All those memories we made in that warehouse... it's hard to let go of the past, ya know? But I guess that's just part of growin' up.

I don't know about you, Debbie, but I'm gonna miss this place. It may not be perfect, but it's home, ya dig? Still, I reckon we gotta make this move happen. Our team's been doin' a swell job gettin' everything in order, so I ain't too worried.

Just keep an eye on that relocation schedule and let me know if you need any help. That's all for now.



From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Tuesday, January 25, 1983 02:49 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Office Relocation

Dear Debbie,

I'm writing to you with a heavy heart. The thought of leaving our current office space is just too much for me to bear. It's like losing a part of myself, or so it feels.

As you know, I've always been the sentimental type, and this move has got me feeling sorrowful. All these memories we've made in that old warehouse... it's hard to let go. But, as they say, "the show must go on." And so, I'll have to put my emotions aside and focus on the relocation.

I agree with Joe - adaptability is key. Our team has done an amazing job so far in getting everything in order. I'm confident that we'll make this transition smooth sailing.

Please review the attached relocation schedule to stay informed. If you need anything, don't hesitate to reach out.



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Tuesday, January 25, 1983 02:49 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Office Relocation

Hi Debbie,

Ah, nostalgia. It's like looking at old photos of the good ol' days. You know, when we were all just a bunch of scrappy upstarts trying to make our mark on the world. Now, it seems like just yesterday we were scrambling to get out of that dingy little warehouse in Levittown. Who would've thought we'd end up where we are today?

As for the office relocation, I'm with you - it's a shame we didn't have more time to get settled before the move. But hey, as they say, "adaptability is key." And speaking of adaptability, I think our team has done an amazing job so far in getting everything in order.

I reviewed the relocation schedule and it looks like we're all set for a smooth transition. Just remember, Debbie, when life gives you lemons, make lemonade. Or, in our case, when life gives you a new office space, throw a party!

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132 | Senior Product Manager | Cardiff Electric | Product Management


From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Tuesday, January 25, 1983 02:49 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Joe MacMillan; Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Office Relocation

Subject: Office Relocation


Dear John, Joe, Larry, and Malcolm,

I'm writing to follow up on our previous discussions regarding the office relocation. As you know, we're planning a move to the new building on the other side of town, and I want to make sure everyone is aligned on the details. 

To be honest, I'm feeling a bit regretful that we didn't have more time to get settled before the move. But I understand that sometimes things don't go as planned, and we need to adapt quickly. 

In any case, our team has been working diligently to ensure a smooth transition. We've got a plan in place for furniture, IT, and personnel, so please review the attached relocation schedule to stay informed.

Best regards,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133 | Secretary | Cardiff Electric | Administration
