
From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Wednesday, January 26, 1983 10:25 AM
To:      Cameron Howe; Gordon Clark; Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Personal Update

Dear Joe,

Hey, I just got done reading your email and I gotta say, it's about time someone around here started talking about changing lives. I mean, don't get me wrong, making a buck is important too, but when you're pushing boundaries like we are at Cardiff Electric, it's hard not to think about the impact that can have on people.

I'm glad you're excited about our progress and I am too. It's been a wild ride so far and I'm just trying to keep up with all the craziness. But hey, when you're having fun, that's what matters most, right?

Let me know if there's anything I can do to help us keep pushing forward.



From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Wednesday, January 26, 1983 10:25 AM
To:      Cameron Howe; Gordon Clark; Barry Shields; Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Personal Update

Dear Joe,

I gotta say, I'm still trying to wrap my head around all the craziness that's been going down at Cardiff Electric. You're telling me we're pushing boundaries and changing lives? Ha! I never would've guessed. I mean, sure, we're making some crazy-fast computers or whatever, but change lives? That's some lofty stuff right there.

I gotta admit, it's weird seeing our team go from "Hey, let's make some cash" to "We're gonna change the world"... and I'm not complaining! It's just... you know, it's like, we're all so focused on making a buck, and then suddenly everyone's all about saving souls. What's next? Are we gonna start singing hymns in the break room?



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, January 26, 1983 10:25 AM
To:      Cameron Howe; Gordon Clark; Barry Shields; Donna Clark; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories: Personal Update

Subject: 

Hello everyone,

I wanted to take a moment to share some personal updates and reflect on our progress at Cardiff Electric. As we continue to push the boundaries of innovation, I'm reminded that our work has the power to change lives. It's an incredible feeling knowing that the technology we're developing has the potential to make a real difference.

As we look to the future, I'm excited about the opportunities ahead and confident in our team's ability to seize them. Our collaboration is what drives us forward, and I'm grateful for each of your unique perspectives and strengths.

Let's keep pushing ourselves to new heights!

Best regards,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager
Cardiff Electric | Product Management
+1 512-555-0132
