
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, January 26, 1983 01:37 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Press Release

Hi Debbie,

I love how you always keep me grounded. You're right, we do need to be careful not to oversell ourselves in this press release. But let me tell you, this is different. This is a game-changer. And I'm not just saying that because I'm excited about the product - I'm saying it because I truly believe that Cardiff Electric's entry into personal computers is going to shake things up.

You're right, our financials are a mess right now, but that doesn't change the fact that we have something special here. And you know what? I think people will see that too. They'll see that we're not just some fly-by-night operation trying to cash in on the personal computer craze. We're a company with vision and guts, and that's going to make us stand out from the crowd.

Now, I'm not saying that we should be reckless or irresponsible. Of course not. But what I am saying is that this is an opportunity for us to redefine ourselves as a company, to show the world that Cardiff Electric isn't just some also-ran trying to keep up with the Joneses. We're the ones who are going to make it happen.

So let's work together to craft a press release that really does capture what we're all about. Let's show the world what we're capable of, and let's do it in a way that's authentic and honest. Because at the end of the day, that's what's going to set us apart from all the rest.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan


From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Wednesday, January 26, 1983 01:37 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Press Release

Dear Joe,

I'm not sure what's gotten into me lately, but every time you say something like "this is a game-changer" or "we're redefining the market", all I can think about is how we're going to get in trouble for it. I mean, have you seen our current financials? We're bleeding money left and right.

I know you're excited about this press release, Joe, but I just can't help but feel guilty every time we try to spin something as a "game-changer". It's like we're trying to convince ourselves that we're more important than we actually are. And what if it all falls apart? What if our product isn't actually revolutionary?

I know you think you have a good plan, Joe, but sometimes I wonder if you're just too close to the situation to see the big picture.

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary
Administration
Cardiff Electric


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, January 26, 1983 01:37 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris

Categories: Press Release

Subject:    A New Era in Computing


Dear Debbie and Ed,

I'm writing to you today because I believe we're standing at the threshold of something revolutionary. The press release we're about to send out will be a clarion call to the industry, announcing Cardiff Electric's bold entry into the realm of personal computers.

Let me be clear: this is not just another me-too product. This is a game-changer. We're not just competing with IBM; we're redefining what it means to be in this market. And I need your expertise to help us make that message resonate with the world.


As we prepare to take on the giants, I want to emphasize the importance of our message being clear, concise, and above all, authentic. We can't afford to get lost in the noise; we need to cut through it like a hot knife through butter.

Let's work together to craft a press release that will make the world sit up and take notice. Let's show them what Cardiff Electric is capable of.


Best regards,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager, Product Management
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0132
