
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, January 26, 1983 02:24 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Marketing Campaign

Dear Larry,

I love your enthusiasm and commitment to Cardiff Electric's success. However, I understand where you're coming from - we've been stuck in a rut before, but that's exactly why I'm convinced this new marketing campaign will be the game-changer we need.

You're right; our current campaign is stagnant. We've got to shake things up and make some noise. The idea of being a movement or an idea is what drives innovation and progress. It's not about just doing more of the same; it's about disrupting the status quo and making a dent in the universe.

Let's focus on creating something truly remarkable, Larry. I'm willing to put in the work to make this happen. We'll start with small steps, but we'll take bold leaps forward. Trust me, the results will be worth it.



From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Wednesday, January 26, 1983 02:24 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Marketing Campaign

Hi Joe,

I'm not sure what kind of revolution you're talking about, but the thought of starting over and reinventing ourselves again is exhausting. Can't we just focus on getting our current marketing campaign to work for once? I'm still trying to get people to stop using those outdated manuals.

The idea of being a movement or an idea is all well and good, but when you're stuck in a small department like Technical Support, it's hard to feel like you're part of something bigger than yourself. It feels like we're just an afterthought, not really considered in the grand scheme of things.

I'm happy to discuss your ideas with you, Joe, but can we at least start by getting our current campaign off the ground first? I don't want to get too excited about a new initiative only to have it fall flat because nobody knows who we are or what we do.

Very truly yours,
Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician, Cardiff Electric
Technical Suppor

From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, January 26, 1983 02:24 PM
To:      Larry Goins

Categories: Marketing Campaign

Subject: Revolutionizing Our Marketing Campaign

Dear Larry,

I'm writing to you today with unbridled excitement and a sense of possibility. As we continue to push the boundaries of innovation at Cardiff Electric, I firmly believe that our marketing campaign needs a reboot. We can't just be talking about being pioneers in the industry; we need to start acting like it.

Our new strategy will be bold, daring, and unapologetically forward-thinking. We'll be leveraging the latest digital tools to create a campaign that's not only attention-grabbing but also authentic and compelling. This is our chance to rebrand ourselves as more than just a company – we're an idea, a movement, a revolution.

Let's make it happen, Larry! I want to schedule a meeting with you ASAP to discuss the details and get your input on this game-changing initiative.

Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager, Product Management
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0132
