
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Friday, January 28, 1983 02:07 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Vacation Notice

Dear Cameron,

I'm not buying what you're selling. You're telling me that Cardiff Electric needs to understand that we're human beings who need a break every now and then? Please. We're in the business of making money, not hugging trees.

You want to recharge your batteries? Fine. Take your vacation. But don't pretend like it's about something noble. It's because you're tired of Joe breathing down your neck or you're bored with coding. Whatever the reason, I'm not convinced that Cardiff Electric is going to crumble without your presence for two weeks.

You better make sure all your tasks are up-to-date before you leave. And don't think about coming back feeling refreshed and ready to tackle new challenges. We've got work to do, Cameron. Work that requires focus, dedication, and a willingness to get our hands dirty.

Very truly yours,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric | Sales
+1 512-555-0179


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Friday, January 28, 1983 02:07 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Joe MacMillan

Categories: Vacation Notice

Subject: Vacation Notice


Hey Joe and John,

Listen up, because I'm only going to say this once. I need some time off to recharge my batteries and avoid getting burned by the corporate grind. Cardiff Electric needs to understand that we're not just machines, we're human beings who need a break every now and then.

Don't get me wrong, I love coding and solving problems as much as the next guy, but sometimes you gotta step away from the screen and clear your head. That's what this vacation is about - giving myself permission to take a pause and come back refreshed and ready to tackle new challenges.

So, here's the deal: I'll be out for two weeks starting [insert dates]. Don't worry, I'll make sure all my tasks are up-to-date before I leave, so you won't have to lift a finger. When I get back, we can discuss any new projects or initiatives that have come up during my absence.

Take it easy,
Cameron Howe
Lead Software Developer
Cardiff Electric | Software Development
+1 512-555-0147

