
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Friday, January 28, 1983 12:25 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Reminder

Hi Debbie,

I gotta say, I'm feeling curious about what you're getting at. You're right; sometimes it feels like we're just going through the motions without a clear direction. But maybe that's because we're not asking the right questions? Or maybe we're just too busy trying to make sense of all these schedules and reminders.

I think Malcolm's got some good ideas on how to organize ourselves, but maybe we should take a step back and ask what our goals are. What do we want to achieve with this category development thing? Is it just about checking boxes or is there something more to it?

I'd love to chat more about this stuff with you. Maybe we can grab some coffee and hash it out.



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Friday, January 28, 1983 12:25 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Yo-Yo Engberk; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Reminder

Hi Ed, Yo-Yo,

I'm still not entirely sure what to make of all these reminders and schedules. It feels like we're just going through the motions without any real sense of purpose or direction. I mean, don't get me wrong - it's nice that Malcolm is keeping us organized and all that, but can we really say we're making progress when we're just ticking boxes on a list?

I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm not feeling very inspired by this whole category development thing. It all seems so... formulaic. Like, okay, sure, let's make some UI components and filter algorithms, but what does it all mean? What are we actually achieving here?

Sorry if this sounds negative or whatever. I just need someone to talk to about this stuff. You guys seem like the only ones who get me.

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Cardiff Electric, Administration


From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Friday, January 28, 1983 12:25 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Reminder

Subject:    Reminder: Category Development Schedule


Dear Ed, Yo-Yo, Debbie,

I'm writing to confirm the development schedule for our category initiative. As we discussed during our meeting last week, I've reviewed the requirements and created a detailed timeline to ensure timely completion.

Please review the attached code snippet below, which outlines the priority tasks:

`if (category === 'A') {
    // Task 1: Implement filtering algorithm
} else if (category === 'B') {
    // Task 2: Develop category-specific UI components
} else {
    // Task 3: Integrate with existing infrastructure
}`

Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns. I've also included a summary of the key milestones and deadlines in the attached document.

Best regards,
Malcolm Levitan
Programmer, Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0182
