
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Monday, January 31, 1983 09:35 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Barry Shields; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Apology

Dear Yo-Yo,

I'm still trying to process what happened yesterday. You're right, you did get a little carried away. But that's just it - it's not about how carried away you got; it's about how we, as a team, can work together without causing chaos.

Look, I know you think you're the office clown, and maybe you are, but when your antics start affecting our projects and my clients, it becomes a problem. And let me tell you, Cameron was not happy about what happened yesterday. She's considering pulling out of our new project because of the stress you caused.

I'm not asking for much. Just a little bit of consideration for those around you would be nice. We're all trying to do our jobs here, and your constant disruptions make it harder for us to focus on what really matters.

Very truly yours,

John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Sales
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0179


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Monday, January 31, 1983 09:35 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Barry Shields; Malcolm Levitan; John Bosworth; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Apology

Dear Yo-Yo,

I'm shocked. Shocked that you think your antics yesterday didn't cause harm. Newsflash: you're not as clever as you think you are. Your "minor chaos" was enough to send me searching for a new project to work on, just so I could get away from your... enthusiasm.

Look, I know you think you're the office clown, but let's be real - we all have better things to do than babysit your code. If you want to make it right, start by not making a mess in the first place.



From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Monday, January 31, 1983 09:35 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Cameron Howe; Barry Shields; Malcolm Levitan; John Bosworth

Categories: Apology

Subject: Oops, Sorry About That!

Hey Guys,

I'm writing to apologize for the minor chaos I caused during our meeting yesterday. I know, I know - "Yo-Yo's doing it again!" But honestly, I was just so stoked about our new project that I got a little carried away! Don't worry, no harm done (except maybe to my reputation as the office clown).

Let's catch up soon and discuss how we can make it right. In the meantime, if you have any ideas on how to tame this wild code of mine, please let me know!

Cheers,
Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0142
