
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Thursday, February 03, 1983 02:37 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Gordon Clark; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Reminder

Dear Joe,

I'm not sure what's more exhausting - trying to keep up with your constant reminders or pretending like we're actually making progress. Let me tell you, my curiosity is piqued, and I want to know what's behind this sudden obsession with momentum.

You say we're building a platform that will change the game? Please. We're just cogs in Cardiff Electric's corporate machine, churning out mediocre code to fuel Joe MacMillan's ego. And don't even get me started on the so-called "passion" and "determination" you keep talking about. It's all just a bunch of empty buzzwords designed to keep us motivated enough to keep punching in.

Very truly yours,
Cameron Howe
Lead Software Developer, Cardiff Electric
Software Development


From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Thursday, February 03, 1983 02:37 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; Barry Shields; Gordon Clark; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Reminder

Hi Joe,

I'm not sure what's more alienating - the fact that you're sending us reminders to keep the momentum going or that we're still stuck in this never-ending cycle of mediocrity. Let me tell you, I've seen more excitement at a sedated sloth convention.

Look, I get it. You want us to be motivated and passionate about building some new PC. But let's not forget that we're just pawns in your game, Joe. We're the ones who have to deal with the consequences of your ego and Cardiff Electric's soulless corporate culture.

So, yeah, I'll keep pushing forward, but it's only because I don't want to be stuck in this miserable job forever. And as for prioritizing tasks and focusing on delivering high-quality results, ha! You know as well as I do that those are just empty buzzwords designed to make us feel like we're actually doing something meaningful.

Very truly yours,
Malcolm Levitan
Programmer, Cardiff Electric
Software Development


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Thursday, February 03, 1983 02:37 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; Barry Shields; Gordon Clark; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Reminder

Subject: 

Reminder: Let's Keep the Momentum Going


Dear Team,

I wanted to take a moment to remind everyone of our collective mission. We're not just building a new PC, we're creating a platform that will change the game. And I know we can do it.

Let's keep pushing forward, fueled by our passion and determination. Remember why we started this journey in the first place - because we believe in the power of innovation and the potential for disruption.

Let's make sure to prioritize our tasks and focus on delivering high-quality results. We're a team, and together we can achieve great things.


Best regards,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager, Cardiff Electric
Product Management

