
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, February 03, 1983 12:06 PM
To:      Barry Shields; John Bosworth

Categories:    Expense Report

Dear Debbie,

I don't know how much more of this I can take. It's like we're stuck in some kind of never-ending nightmare. Expenses just keep piling up, and no matter what we do, we can't seem to get ahead. I feel like we're drowning in a sea of debt.

And now you're telling me that we need to cut back even more? It's like you're asking me to pull the plug on my own life support. I don't know how much longer I can keep going like this.

Please, just tell me what to do. I'm at my wit's end here.



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Thursday, February 03, 1983 12:06 PM
To:      Barry Shields; John Bosworth

Categories:    Expense Report

Hi John,

I'm not sure what to say. It feels like no matter how hard we try, our expenses just keep adding up. And now you're breathing down our necks about getting them under control? I don't mean to be negative, but it's hard to see the light at the end of the tunnel.

I know we've been asked to cut back before, and we've tried. But sometimes it feels like we're just throwing darts at a board, hoping something sticks. And when things do stick, they usually don't stick well enough. I'm worried that if we keep pushing too hard, we'll end up losing the things that really matter.

I know this isn't what you want to hear, but can we please talk about this in person? I feel like there's more to the story than just numbers on a page.

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary
Cardiff Electric Administration


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, February 03, 1983 12:06 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields

Categories: Expense Report

Subject: Expense Report Follow-up


Dear Debbie and Barry,

Listen up, folks. I'm reaching out because we need to get these expense reports in order. We're burning through cash over here, and I know you both are aware of the importance of keeping our costs under control. I've reviewed the latest numbers, and I'm not seeing the kind of discipline I like to see.

I'm asking you both to take a closer look at your expenses and make sure we're not overspending in any area. Let's work together to get this back on track. I know you can do it.

Let me know if you have any questions or concerns. I'm here to help.

Best,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
+1 512-555-0179
Cardiff Electric
Sales

