
From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Friday, February 04, 1983 12:02 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan; Barry Shields

Categories:    Personal Update

Dear Barry,

I'm thrilled to hear about the shift in your demeanor, Barry! It takes a big person to admit when they're willing to bend (just a little) on the rules. And I have to say, I'm loving the idea of embracing chaos and taking risks in our work environment. Who knows what kind of innovative ideas we'll come up with when we stop worrying so much about following protocol?

I think it's fantastic that you're recognizing the importance of flexibility and adaptability in our line of work. As someone who's had to navigate the ever-changing landscape of Cardiff Electric, I can attest to the fact that sometimes, the most unexpected developments can lead to the greatest breakthroughs.



From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Friday, February 04, 1983 12:02 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Debbie Malinowski; Donna Clark; Malcolm Levitan; Barry Shields

Categories:    Personal Update

Hi Barry,

I'm thrilled to hear that you're adopting a more forgiving stance towards certain mishaps. As someone who's had her fair share of run-ins with company policies, I can totally get on board with extending a measure of benevolence to those who may have deviated from the norm.

In fact, I think it's about time we started embracing a little bit of chaos in our work environment. After all, some of the most innovative ideas come from taking risks and pushing boundaries. And let's be real, Barry - you're not exactly known for being a stickler for the rules yourself (I mean, who else would I be talking about?).

So here's to embracing flexibility and adaptability in our work environment! Who knows what kind of amazing things we'll come up with when we stop worrying so much about following protocol?

Very truly yours,

Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer, Cardiff Electric
Software Development



From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Friday, February 04, 1983 12:02 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; Joe MacMillan; Debbie Malinowski; Donna Clark; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Personal Update

Subject:    Personal Update


Dear Colleagues,

I am compelled to share with you that, in light of recent events, my demeanor has undergone a subtle shift. A most unexpected and unanticipated development has led me to adopt a more forgiving stance towards certain... mishaps that have occurred within our organization.

As the legal representative for Cardiff Electric's Legal department, it is my duty to maintain a steadfast commitment to upholding company policies and adhering to established protocols. However, in this instance, I find myself extending a measure of benevolence to those whose actions may have deviated from these norms.

Rest assured that my usual fastidiousness will not waver; however, I do believe it is essential to acknowledge the occasional necessity for flexibility and adaptability in our work environment.

Sincerely,
Barry Shields
Senior Counsel
Cardiff Electric
Legal Department
+1 512-555-0166

