
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Friday, February 04, 1983 09:22 AM
To:      Gordon Clark; Cameron Howe; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Congratulations

Dear all,

Worrying about what we did right or wrong on that first project. I mean, sure, we got the thing done, but at what cost? We're not just building some fancy gadget, you know. We're building something that's going to change the world. And if we don't get it right, all our hard work will be for nothing.

Barry wants us to focus on what we can do better next time around. I'm with him on this one. Let's not get too cocky about our success just yet. We've got a long way to go before we can even think about calling ourselves the "dominant player" in this game.



From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Friday, February 04, 1983 09:22 AM
To:      Gordon Clark; Joe MacMillan; Cameron Howe; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Congratulations

Hi Yo-Yo,

Congratulations to us all indeed. It feels good to get that first project under our belts, doesn't it? But let's not get too ahead of ourselves. We've still got a lot of work to do to make sure Cardiff Electric is the dominant player in this game.

I'm determined to keep pushing us forward, and I think we should focus on what we can do better next time around. After all, as they say, "the only way to get better is to get back out there."

Let's use this momentum to our advantage and come out swinging again.

Very truly yours,
Barry Shields
+1 512-555-0166
Senior Counsel, Cardiff Electric - Legal


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Friday, February 04, 1983 09:22 AM
To:      Gordon Clark; Barry Shields; Joe MacMillan; Cameron Howe

Categories: Congratulations

Subject:    Congratulations are in Order!

Hi all,

I'm writing to say that I think we should all take a moment to high-five ourselves. We've crushed our first project and I'm still riding the wave of awesomeness from that success! It's been an amazing team effort and I feel like we're just getting started.

Let's keep this momentum going and tackle the next challenge together!

Best,
Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer, Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0142
