
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Saturday, February 05, 1983 02:24 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Joe MacMillan; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Social Event

Hi Gordon,

Thanks for keeping us in the loop about the social event. I'm actually feeling pretty excited about it - a chance to unwind and get to know everyone outside of work is always welcome.

In terms of availability, I'll be free on the day of the event, but I might need to leave a bit early if things get too crazy. Let me know if that's okay with you.

I think your idea about focusing on relationships and camaraderie is great. It's easy to get caught up in work all the time, so it'll be nice to have some face-to-face time with everyone.

Let me know if there's anything specific I can do to help make the event a success.

Very truly yours,
Cameron Howe
Lead Software Developer, Cardiff Electric
Software Development


From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Saturday, February 05, 1983 02:24 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; Larry Goins; Joe MacMillan

Categories: Social Event

Subject: Social Event Coordination


Dear Cameron, Larry, and Joe,

I am compelled to initiate this communication regarding the forthcoming social event. As Chief Engineer, I must ensure that our department's participation in this gathering aligns with our mission-critical objectives. In light of recent developments, I believe it prudent to re-evaluate our priorities.

Specifically, I propose we focus on leveraging this opportunity to foster relationships with key stakeholders and cultivate a sense of camaraderie among team members. This alignment will ultimately benefit our projects and contribute to the overall success of Cardiff Electric's Engineering department.

I request that you each provide me with your availability for the social event by end-of-day Friday. This information will enable me to optimize our collective presence and minimize potential conflicts.

Please respond promptly, as I must consider these factors in my planning.

Gordon Clark
Chief Engineer, Cardiff Electric
Engineering Department
+1 512-555-0198
