
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Tuesday, February 08, 1983 03:55 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins; Ed Burris; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Product Launch

Hi Joe,

I'm feeling pretty tender today. You know why? Because I think we're onto something big with this product launch. I've been thinking about our customers, and how this new product is going to change their lives. It's not just a sale - it's an experience. And that's what gets me excited.

You know, Joe, sometimes I worry that we're getting ahead of ourselves. That we're so focused on the tech, the features, and the specs that we forget about the people who are going to use this thing. But then I look at our team, and I see all the hard work you've been putting in, and I know we're not just building a product - we're building a community.

So, yeah, I'm feeling pretty tender today. And it's because of that feeling that I think we're going to blow this thing out of the water. We're on the verge of something extraordinary, Joe. Let's make sure we don't let it slip away.



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Tuesday, February 08, 1983 03:55 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins; Ed Burris

Categories: Product Launch

Subject:    
We're at the Threshold of Something Big


Hi John, Yo-Yo, Larry, and Ed,

As we stand on the cusp of a new era for Cardiff Electric, I want to acknowledge the incredible progress we've made. Our product launch is just around the corner, and I'm more excited than ever about the potential it holds.

This isn't just about rolling out a new product - it's about changing the game. It's about empowering our customers to achieve their wildest dreams. And I truly believe that with this launch, we're on the verge of something extraordinary.

I want to thank each and every one of you for your tireless efforts in getting us to this point. Your dedication is what will make this product a success, and I'm honored to be working alongside such an incredible team.

Let's keep pushing forward together!

Best regards,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager, Cardiff Electric | Product Management | +1 512-555-0132
