
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Wednesday, February 09, 1983 09:33 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Reminder

Dear Barry,

I'm glad to see that someone around here is acknowledging our predicament. You're right, we are stuck and it's time to take a step back and reassess what we're trying to achieve. I don't think starting over from scratch is the worst idea, but we need to make sure we're not just throwing the baby out with the bathwater.

I'm more than happy to grab some coffee and discuss this further. Let's focus on finding a solution that prioritizes quality over meeting a deadline. We can't afford to sacrifice our standards for the sake of expediency.



From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Wednesday, February 09, 1983 09:33 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Reminder

Dear Cameron,

Ah, finally someone around here is willing to acknowledge that we're stuck. I mean, seriously, the project is a hot mess, and our deadlines are slipping away like sand in an hourglass (nice touch, by the way). But you know what? I'm feeling pretty good about it.

You see, Cameron, I've been thinking... maybe this is exactly what we need. A little crisis to shake things up and force us to rethink our approach. And let's be real, starting over from scratch isn't the worst idea in the world. In fact, it might just be the best thing that could happen to this project.

So yeah, let's grab some coffee and talk this through. I'm more than happy to listen to your ideas and work together to find a solution that doesn't involve sacrificing quality for the sake of meeting a deadline.



From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Wednesday, February 09, 1983 09:33 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Barry Shields

Categories: Reminder

Subject: Reminder


Hi John & Barry,

Let's face it, we're stuck. The project is a mess and our deadlines are slipping away like sand in an hourglass. I know I'm not the only one feeling frustrated with the lack of progress and the constant pressure to deliver something half-baked.

I think it's time for us to regroup and reassess what we're trying to achieve here. Maybe it's time to rethink our approach, or even start over from scratch. I'm willing to listen to your ideas and work together to find a solution that doesn't involve sacrificing quality for the sake of meeting a deadline.

Let's grab some coffee and talk this through.

Cameron Howe
Lead Software Developer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0147

