
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Thursday, February 10, 1983 02:55 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Congratulations

Hi Malcolm,

Congratulations to us all, I suppose. I mean, who doesn't love a good 15% boost in cache efficiency? It's not like we're curing cancer or anything, but hey, it's something.

I'm just glad this project is finally wrapping up so I can get back to more important things... like plotting the downfall of Cardiff Electric. Just kidding (or am I?). Seriously though, it's been a long and grueling process, and I think we're all due for a little R&R.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, February 10, 1983 02:55 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Joe MacMillan; Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Congratulations

Hi Malcolm,

I'm not sure what's going to be more exhausting, implementing this new compiler optimization or dealing with the fallout of having actually done so. But I suppose it's nice to know that we've managed to squeeze out a few more cycles of whatever-it-is-we're-optimizing.

Look, Malcolm, don't get me wrong - I'm happy to have been a part of this project and all, but can we please just take a moment to revel in the sheer, unadulterated madness of what we've accomplished? I mean, who needs personal fulfillment or job satisfaction when you can have a 15% boost in cache efficiency?

Very truly yours,
John Bosworth


From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Thursday, February 10, 1983 02:55 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; John Bosworth; Joe MacMillan; Larry Goins

Categories: Congratulations

Subject: 

Congratulations to our team on a job well done in implementing the new compiler optimization.

Dear Gordon, John, Joe, and Larry,

As we near the completion of the project, I wanted to take a moment to acknowledge the significant effort each of you has put in. The revised algorithm has shown promising results, and I'm pleased with the progress we've made.

The following changes were implemented:

* `if (optimize) { ... }` was replaced with `if (!optimize) { ... }`
* Loop unrolling improved by 20%
* Cache efficiency increased by 15%

These optimizations have yielded a notable boost in performance. I'm confident that our work will have a lasting impact on the project's overall success.

Best regards,
Malcolm Levitan
Programmer, Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0182
