
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Monday, February 14, 1983 11:52 AM
To:      Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Industry News

Hello Donna,

I just got done reading Joe's email and I have to say, I'm loving the enthusiasm he's bringing to the table. His idea about positioning ourselves for the IBM PC trend is spot on - we do need to stay ahead of the curve. And I think his proposal to develop a new product line that leverages the strengths of the IBM PC is exactly what we need to take us to the next level.

I'm all for exploring new opportunities and I think Joe's ideas are worth discussing further. Let's schedule a meeting to go over the possibilities - I'd love to hear more about his thoughts on how we can leverage our existing strengths to create something truly innovative.



From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Monday, February 14, 1983 11:52 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Industry News

Hello Joe,

I just got back from a meeting with John and I have to say, I'm more excited than ever about the possibilities. Your idea about positioning ourselves to take advantage of the IBM PC trend is spot on. I think we can really make some waves in this industry if we play our cards right.

I love your enthusiasm and I'm all for exploring new opportunities. Let's definitely schedule a meeting to discuss further. I've been thinking about how we can leverage our existing strengths to create something truly innovative, and I have a few ideas that I think you'll find interesting.

Looking forward to hearing from you soon.

Very truly yours,
Donna Clark
+1 512-555-0156
Director of Operations
Cardiff Electric - Operations


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Monday, February 14, 1983 11:52 AM
To:      Donna Clark; John Bosworth

Categories: Industry News

Subject: Future of Computing


Dear Donna and John,

I'm writing to share my thoughts on the recent industry developments. As we all know, the market is changing fast, and we need to stay ahead of the curve. I truly believe that Cardiff Electric has a unique opportunity to shape the future of computing.

In my opinion, the IBM PC is not just a personal computer, it's a game-changer. Its impact will be felt across industries, from education to healthcare. We need to position ourselves to take advantage of this trend. I propose we develop a new product line that leverages the strengths of the IBM PC and takes us into uncharted territory.

I'd love to discuss my ideas further with you both. Let's schedule a meeting to explore the possibilities.


Best regards,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager, Cardiff Electric - Product Management
+1 512-555-0132
