
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Monday, February 14, 1983 12:44 PM
To:      John Bosworth

Categories:    Internal Announcement

Dear Larry,

Let's not get ahead of ourselves. I know what you're thinking - "John, we've got a long way to go before we can start celebrating." And you're right. But sometimes, it's necessary to take a step back, look at the big picture, and acknowledge the progress we've made.

You might think me crazy, but I truly believe we're on the verge of something incredible. And who knows? Maybe we will get that pat on the back (or better yet, a fat bonus check). But let's not focus on that just yet. Let's keep pushing forward and see where this journey takes us.

You might think me manipulative, but I'm just trying to inspire you to reach for the stars, Larry. And if that means we have to take a few risks along the way, so be it. At least we'll know we tried something new and exciting.



From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Monday, February 14, 1983 12:44 PM
To:      John Bosworth

Categories:    Internal Announcement

Dear John,

What's with all the fanfare? You're telling me we've hit some milestone, but what does that even mean? Are we gonna get a pat on the back or something?

Look, John, I appreciate the sentiment, but let's not get ahead of ourselves. We still got a long way to go before we can start celebrating. And another thing, what's with the "we're poised to take Cardiff Electric to new heights" nonsense? You know as well as I do that this place is a mess.

Let's focus on getting our priorities straight and stop worrying about taking the company to new heights. Just keep your head down, work hard, and maybe we'll get somewhere.

Very truly yours,

Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support



From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Monday, February 14, 1983 12:44 PM
To:      Larry Goins

Categories: Internal Announcement

Subject: 

Big News, Larry!

Dear Larry,

I'm writing to share some fantastic news about our internal efforts. We've hit a major milestone in our sales strategy and it's all thanks to your tireless work. I'm stoked to say that our numbers are through the roof! It's no surprise, really - you're one of the driving forces behind this success.

The real excitement, though, is what this means for our future. We're on the cusp of something big, Larry. I truly believe we're poised to take Cardiff Electric to new heights and I'm honored to be a part of it alongside you.

Let's keep pushing forward!

John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
+1 512-555-0179
Cardiff Electric | Sales
