
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Tuesday, February 15, 1983 04:30 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; John Bosworth; Malcolm Levitan; Gordon Clark; Cameron Howe; Debbie Malinowski; Larry Goins; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Holiday Greetings

Hi Joe,

Regrettable as it is, I'm not exactly overflowing with holiday cheer. You know how it goes: just trying to keep my head above water most days. But hey, I'll pretend to be festive for a minute.

Thanks for taking the time to reflect on our progress this year. It's been...eventful, to say the least. And I suppose we should acknowledge that, despite all the drama and setbacks, we've managed to make some real strides forward. So yeah, let's give ourselves a pat on the back for that.

As for setting goals for 1984, well...I'm not sure what's going to happen, but I'm guessing it'll be more of the same. Chaos, stress, and occasional breakthroughs. But hey, that's just life at Cardiff Electric, right?

Anyway, thanks again for the holiday wishes. I suppose it's nice to have some time off to recharge before things get crazy again.

Very truly yours,
Ed Burris
+1 512-555-0155
Project Manager
Cardiff Electric
Project Management


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Tuesday, February 15, 1983 04:30 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; John Bosworth; Malcolm Levitan; Gordon Clark; Cameron Howe; Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris; Larry Goins

Categories: Holiday Greetings

Subject:    Holiday Greetings


Hello,

As we approach the end of the year, I want to take a moment to express my gratitude and appreciation for all that you've done. It's been an incredible first season, and I'm excited to see what the future holds for Cardiff Electric.

I believe that the holiday season is a time for reflection, recharging, and setting goals for the new year. As we look ahead, I want to emphasize the importance of our collective efforts in shaping the future of computing. Our work will have far-reaching implications, and I'm honored to be part of this team.

Let's take some time to relax, recharge, and get ready to tackle even greater challenges in 1984. Remember that together, we can achieve anything.

Best regards,

Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager
Cardiff Electric
Product Management

