
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Wednesday, February 23, 1983 04:50 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Gordon Clark; Cameron Howe; Larry Goins; Ed Burris; John Bosworth; Joe MacMillan; Barry Shields; Debbie Malinowski; Donna Clark

Categories:    Event Planning

Hi Donna,

I don't know how to plan events. I'm not even sure why we're bothering. It's all just a bunch of people standing around, talking, and pretending to have fun. But if you want my two cents, I suppose we could try using the conference center on campus. At least it would be cheap.

The catering thing is weird too. Do we really need all that food? Can't we just get some pizza or something? And audiovisual equipment? What are we going to do with all those projectors and screens?

I'm sorry, Donna. I know you're counting on us for input, but honestly, I don't see the point of any of this.

Very truly yours,
Yo-Yo Engberk
+1 512-555-0142
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development


From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Wednesday, February 23, 1983 04:50 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Gordon Clark; Cameron Howe; Larry Goins; Ed Burris; John Bosworth; Joe MacMillan; Barry Shields; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Event Planning

Subject:    Event Planning Strategy


Dear Team,

I am writing to request input and feedback on our event planning strategy for the upcoming Cardiff Electric conference. As you are all aware, our marketing team has been working diligently to develop a comprehensive plan, but I believe it would be beneficial to involve the Operations department in this process as well.

Specifically, I would like each of you to provide your thoughts on how we can optimize the logistics and resources required for this event. This includes considerations such as venue selection, catering, audiovisual equipment, and staffing. Your input will help us ensure that our operations team is fully prepared to support the marketing efforts.


Please respond with your suggestions and ideas by EOD tomorrow.

Best regards,
Donna Clark
+1 512-555-0156
Director of Operations
Cardiff Electric
Operations


