
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, February 23, 1983 12:52 PM
To:      Larry Goins

Categories:    Quality Assurance

Hi Larry,

I gotta say, I'm feeling pretty tender about this QA issue. I mean, we've been at this for a while now, and I'm starting to think that maybe we're just not thinking outside the box here. You know what I mean? It's like we're stuck in some kind of software hell, and we don't know how to get out.

I did take a look at your write-up, and yeah, it seems like we've got some major issues with this compiler. But you know me, Larry - I'm not one to give up easy. I think we need to think about this from a different angle. Maybe we're looking at this all wrong. Maybe the problem isn't with the compiler at all.

So here's what I want to do. I want us to set aside some time and really drill down on this thing. Get out the whiteboards, the flowcharts - whatever it takes. And let's make a list of every single possibility, no matter how crazy it sounds. Because you know what? Sometimes those are the ideas that end up being the most brilliant.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager, Cardiff Electric
Product Management
+1 512-555-0132


From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Wednesday, February 23, 1983 12:52 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan

Categories: Quality Assurance

Subject: Quality Assurance Issue with GAUTHER-80 Software


Dear Joe,

I'm writing to follow up on the QA issue we've been experiencing with the GAUTHER-80 software. I know we were hoping to have this resolved by now, but unfortunately, it's proving to be more challenging than initially thought.

The symptoms are consistent: after upgrading to version 2.1, users are reporting inconsistent data retrieval and errors in processing. Our initial troubleshooting suggests a conflict between the new compiler and an outdated library module. I've attached a detailed technical write-up outlining the steps we've taken so far and some potential solutions.

I'm feeling a bit frustrated that we're still stuck on this issue, but I'm confident that with your expertise and our combined efforts, we can get to the bottom of it.

Best regards,
Larry Goins
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support
+1 512-555-0144
