
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Friday, February 25, 1983 09:25 AM
To:      Cameron Howe; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Supplier Relations

Hi Malcolm,

I'm not sure what kind of sorcery you're using over there, but I'm skeptical about these "promising results" you're touting. You're telling me that some code snippet optimized database query structure has reduced processing time by 25%? That's cute. What I want to know is how this supposed "optimization" will actually benefit Cardiff Electric.

And don't even get me started on the supplier relationship management system you're proposing. Who cares about "tracking and analyzing vendor performance"? I care about getting our products to market quickly and efficiently, not playing around with fancy software.

Let's focus on what really matters: building a killer product that will blow the competition away. That's what I signed up for when I joined Cardiff Electric, not some bureaucratic red tape about supplier relationships.



From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Friday, February 25, 1983 09:25 AM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Cameron Howe

Categories: Supplier Relations

Subject:    Supplier Relations: Status Update


Dear Joe and Cameron,

I'm pleased to report that our latest supplier relations initiative has yielded some promising results. After conducting a thorough analysis of our current contract terms, I've identified several opportunities for cost savings and process improvements.

One notable example is the optimization of our database query structure, which has reduced processing time by approximately 25%. Here's an example of the revised code snippet:

`SELECT * FROM orders WHERE order_date > '1983-02-01' AND total_amount < 1000;`

This modification should help streamline our data retrieval process and reduce the overall load on our servers.

In addition, I've drafted a proposal for implementing a new supplier relationship management system, which I believe will greatly enhance our ability to track and analyze vendor performance. I'll be sending out a separate email with the detailed proposal attached soon.

Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further.

Best regards,

Malcolm Levitan
Programmer
+1 512-555-0182
Cardiff Electric, Software Development
