
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Tuesday, March 01, 1983 01:28 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Malcolm Levitan; John Bosworth; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Compliance

Dear Yo-Yo,

I'm glad you brought up compliance - it's been on my mind a lot lately. As we navigate the PC clone landscape, I think it's crucial we're mindful of regulatory responsibilities and avoid any potential pitfalls.

I agree with you that new hurdles keep popping up, but I believe that's an opportunity for us to be proactive and find innovative solutions. Malcolm's expertise will undoubtedly be invaluable in this regard, so I'm confident he'll provide a thorough update on the FCC front.

John and I have been discussing ways to streamline our compliance process, ensuring we're not only meeting regulatory requirements but also anticipating potential issues before they become major problems. I think it's essential we prioritize transparency and accountability throughout this process.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager
Product Management
Cardiff Electric


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Tuesday, March 01, 1983 01:28 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Joe MacMillan; Malcolm Levitan; John Bosworth

Categories: Compliance

Subject: Compliance Conundrum


Hello gang!

I hope this email finds you all well-versed in the art of compliance. As we dive into the world of PC clones, I wanted to touch base with everyone about our regulatory responsibilities. It seems like every time we get close to making progress, some new hurdle pops up.

Malcolm, I know you're busy being our resident genius, but can you please provide an update on where we stand with the FCC? And Ed, any insight you can share from your end would be greatly appreciated.

Joe, John, just a heads up that our lawyers are breathing down my neck about compliance, so let's make sure we're all on the same page. I don't want to have to worry about getting shut down by the Man

Signing off with a healthy dose of paranoia,
Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer, Cardiff Electric
Software Development Department
+1 512-555-0142