
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Tuesday, March 01, 1983 12:46 PM
To:      John Bosworth

Categories:    Product Launch

Hi John,

I'm glad we're talking product launch. As a Project Manager at Cardiff Electric, I've been thinking about how to approach this one. Malcolm and I have different styles, but that's what makes us strong - we balance each other out.

I agree with Malcolm on the tech aspect being key. We need to highlight the innovation behind our product. But I think we should also focus on the benefits it brings to the customer. What problem does it solve? How will it make their lives easier? That's where the real value lies, not just in the features.

As for priorities, I think Malcolm's onto something with getting the product out there first. We can't control how people react if we don't give them a reason to care about it. Let's get it right, then worry about the marketing and all that jazz later.

I'm excited to work on this launch with you and Malcolm. Let's make it happen!

Very truly yours,
Ed Burris
+1 512-555-0155
Project Manager
Cardiff Electric
Project Management


From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Tuesday, March 01, 1983 12:46 PM
To:      Ed Burris; John Bosworth

Categories:    Product Launch

Dear John,

I'm not thrilled about being told what to do, but I'll play along. Product launch, right. I've got some ideas, but I'm not sure they align with your expectations.

To be honest, I'm still feeling a bit let down after the whole thing with Pemulis and the rest of those pretentious art students. You know how it is. When you're used to being on top of your game, it's hard to take orders from someone else. But hey, that's not what this email is about.

So, here's my take on positioning Cardiff Electric's new product: we should focus on the tech aspect. I mean, this thing is going to change the game. We can market it as a revolutionary tool for programmers and engineers. That's our bread and butter, after all. And let's not forget about the whole "underdog" vibe we've got going on here. People love an underdog story.

As for priorities, I think we should concentrate on getting the product out there first, then worry about all the marketing fluff later. We can't just throw a bunch of money at it and hope for the best. That's not how we roll.

I know you're looking for solid strategy from both Ed and me, but let's be real, John – I'm the one who actually knows what he's talking about here.



From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Tuesday, March 01, 1983 12:46 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Product Launch

Subject: 

Getting Ready to Launch


Hi Ed and Malcolm,

Listen, I'm gonna be straight with you. We're at a crossroads here, folks. Our product's almost ready to hit the market, and I need your teams to get on the same page. We've got a lot riding on this launch, and I don't want any missteps.

I know we've had our differences in the past, but let's put that aside for now. What I'm looking for is some solid strategy from both of you. How do you plan to position Cardiff Electric's new product? What are your top priorities?

Let's make this work, guys. We're all in this together.

Best,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales, Cardiff Electric, Sales

