
From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Friday, March 04, 1983 09:10 AM
To:      Cameron Howe

Categories:    Training and Development

Hi Cameron,

I'm not sure what to say about your training and development gripes. It sounds like you're stuck in some kind of corporate purgatory, forced to endure the same old boring exercises over and over again. I mean, I get it. I've been there too. But let's be real, Cameron - we're Cardiff Electric. We're not exactly known for our love of process or procedure.

EMAIL BODY
I think you're missing the point, my friend. Training and development isn't about some big revelation or epiphany. It's about incremental improvement, tweaking code here and there, finding new ways to do things. That's what gets us ahead in this business.

EMAIL BODY (CONT.)
And don't even get me started on your desire for something that "challenges" you. Listen, Cameron - we're programmers. We're not exactly curing cancer or solving world hunger. We're coding. It's a job, and sometimes it's boring. But that doesn't mean we can't find ways to make it more interesting.

EMAIL BODY (CONT.)
So here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to keep on keeping on, doing my thing, trying to stay one step ahead of the game. And if you want to come along for the ride, then great. Otherwise, don't let the door hit you on the way out.



From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Friday, March 04, 1983 09:10 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Training and Development

Subject: 

Dear Malcolm,

 EMAIL BODY
What's the point of even calling it "training and development" if we're just going to regurgitate the same old boring material? I mean, come on. We're Cardiff Electric, for crying out loud! Can't we do better than this? It feels like we're stuck in some kind of corporate hellhole, forced to repeat the same tired exercises over and over again.

EMAIL BODY (CONT.)
I want something that challenges me, pushes me to think outside the box. I don't care about "synergy" or "disrupting the status quo". I just want to be able to do my job without being bored out of my mind.

