
From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Monday, March 07, 1983 12:28 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Ed Burris; Debbie Malinowski; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Dear Malcolm,

I don't know how to put this delicately, but I'm feeling a little... lost. You're talking about resilience and priorities, but right now I'm just trying to find my way through the wreckage of my personal life. It feels like everything is falling apart at once.

I know you think you can solve problems by breaking them down into smaller parts, but some things are just too big for that. Sometimes you just have to sit with it and let the weight of it all crush you. That's where I am right now.

I don't know what desperate measures we need to take, Malcolm. Maybe we just need to accept that we're stuck in this rut and figure out how to make the best of it. Or maybe we just need to give up altogether. I don't know.

Very truly yours,

Barry Shields
+1 512-555-0166
Senior Counsel, Legal Department, Cardiff Electric


From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Monday, March 07, 1983 12:28 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Donna Clark; Ed Burris; Debbie Malinowski; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Hi Cameron,

I gotta say, I'm feeling pretty resilient these days. And I think that's exactly what we need - a healthy dose of resilience to tackle the challenges ahead. I get where you're coming from with your "desperate measures needed now" vibe, but I'm not sure taking a chance and trying something crazy is the answer.

I mean, don't get me wrong, I love a good brainstorming session as much as the next guy. But sometimes I think we need to take a step back, regroup, and focus on what's really important. Maybe it's time for us to revisit our priorities and make sure we're all on the same page.

Let's grab coffee this week and talk more about this. I'm always up for a good chat about the state of Cardiff Electric.

Very truly yours,

Malcolm Levitan
+1 512-555-0182
Programmer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Monday, March 07, 1983 12:28 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Donna Clark; Ed Burris; Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Personal Milestone

Subject: 

Desperate Measures Needed Now

Hi Donnie,

Listen, I'm reaching out because I'm feeling like I'm stuck in quicksand here. I've been trying to get some traction with the new project specs, but it's like nobody is listening. I know I'm not the only one who feels like we're just spinning our wheels around here.

I'm thinking maybe it's time for us to shake things up a bit? Maybe take a chance and try something crazy? Or at least, you know, actually use some of that "cutting-edge tech" we're always talking about. I mean, what's the point of having all these smart people around if we're just gonna stick with the same old ideas?

Let me know what you think. Maybe we can grab coffee and brainstorm sometime this week.

