
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Tuesday, March 08, 1983 11:12 AM
To:      Donna Clark; John Bosworth; Barry Shields; Ed Burris; Debbie Malinowski; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Social Event

Dear All,

Inspiration has struck, and I must share my latest epiphany with you all! I've realized that human interaction is actually a thing, and it's crucial for our collective sanity. Can you believe it? I mean, who would have thought that actual socializing could be the key to avoiding total social outcast-dom?

So, to celebrate this newfound understanding, I'm inviting you all to a party! It'll be low-key, just some snacks, drinks, and maybe even a game of "Guess the Bug" (just me?). I really hope you can make it. If not, no worries; I won't take it personally... too much.

Let's get this human connection party started!



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Tuesday, March 08, 1983 11:12 AM
To:      Donna Clark; John Bosworth; Barry Shields; Ed Burris; Debbie Malinowski; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Social Event

Hi Yo-Yo,

Thanks for inviting me to your little get-together. I have to admit, I'm feeling pretty loving right now and a social event sounds like just the thing to keep the vibes going.

I'll be there with bells on (or at least a decent smile). Your party sounds like exactly what we need after all that coding and scheming. Who knows, maybe we'll even get some actual human connection out of it. Stranger things have happened, right?

Looking forward to seeing you and the gang there.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager
Product Management | Cardiff Electric


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Tuesday, March 08, 1983 11:12 AM
To:      Donna Clark; John Bosworth; Joe MacMillan; Barry Shields; Ed Burris; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Social Event

Subject: 

Hey All,

I'm writing to invite you all to a party... and by party, I mean my attempt at not being a total social outcast. You see, I recently discovered that human interaction is crucial for our collective sanity (or so I've heard), and I thought, why not bring the team together? It's like they say: "The best way to get along with others is to throw a party... or something."

Seriously though, it'll be a low-key thing – just some snacks, drinks, and maybe even a game of "Guess the Bug" (just me?). I really hope you can make it. If not, no worries; I won't take it personally... too much.

Best,
Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer | Cardiff Electric | Software Development
+1 512-555-0142

