
From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Tuesday, March 08, 1983 12:02 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Reminder

Dear Cameron,

I don't know what to do anymore. I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place, trying to decide whether to push forward with this POS machine or throw in the towel. Ed's enthusiasm is starting to rub off on me, but I'm still skeptical about the whole thing.

I love the idea of brainstorming sessions and whiteboarding, but what if we just end up spinning our wheels again? What if we're just too far gone, and there's no way to fix this mess?

I don't want to be a downer, Cameron. You know I'm always willing to lend a hand, but right now, my heart isn't in it. Maybe it's time for me to take a step back and let someone else pick up the torch.

What do you think? Should we keep pushing forward or cut our losses?

Very truly yours,
Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician, Cardiff Electric
Technical Suppor

From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Tuesday, March 08, 1983 12:02 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Reminder

Hi Cameron,

Listen up, because I'm all ears. You're right; we are stuck in development hell, and I think I know why. We've been trying to cram too many features into this POS machine, and it's like trying to put a square peg in a round hole. It just ain't gonna work.

I love the idea of brainstorming sessions and whiteboarding. Sometimes, all we need is a fresh perspective to get our creative juices flowing again. I'm willing to put my money where my mouth is and come up with some innovative solutions. Who knows? Maybe we can even make this thing fly like a spaceship on a shoestring budget (just kidding, that's still gonna be tough!).

Let's schedule that meeting ASAP, and let's bring our A-game. I'm ready to get creative and think outside the box.

Very truly yours,


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Tuesday, March 08, 1983 12:02 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins

Categories: Reminder

Subject:    Reminder - Get Your Act Together


Hi Ed, Yo-Yo, Larry,

Listen up, folks. I'm writing to remind everyone that we're still stuck in development hell on this POS machine. It's like trying to build a spaceship on a shoestring budget while being chased by a swarm of angry bees. Okay, maybe not that bad, but you get the idea.

Look, I know we're all trying our best, but it's time to regroup and figure out what's going wrong. I'm talking brainstorming sessions, whiteboarding, the whole nine yards. We need to get creative and think outside the box (or in this case, the IBM PC).

Let's schedule a meeting ASAP to hash things out.

