
From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Tuesday, March 08, 1983 10:27 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Vacation Notice

Hi Debbie,

I'm feeling pretty affectionate today, and I gotta say, your message just put a big ol' smile on my face. You're right; we all need a recharge every now and then. And Yo-Yo's decision to take a break is perfectly fine by me.

I'm actually looking forward to the extra time it'll give us to focus on some of our own projects. It's like you said - sometimes, we just gotta take care of ourselves before we can really excel in our work.

Take care, and don't worry about Yo-Yo's break; I'm sure he'll come back refreshed and ready to tackle those deadlines with renewed energy!

Very truly yours,
Barry Shields


From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Tuesday, March 08, 1983 10:27 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Barry Shields; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Vacation Notice

Hi Yo-Yo,

I just wanted to send out a quick "thank you" for being honest about taking a break. We all need a recharge every now and then, especially with the pressure of meeting those tight deadlines! I'm sure when you get back, you'll come back with fresh ideas and a renewed sense of purpose.

Please don't worry about leaving us in the lurch; we've got this under control. Take your time to relax and rejuvenate - you deserve it!

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Cardiff Electric Administration


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Tuesday, March 08, 1983 10:27 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Barry Shields; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Vacation Notice

Subject: Vacation Notice

Dear All,

I'm writing to confess that I've been feeling like a 8-bit glitch lately. It seems my annual dose of sunshine has come and gone, leaving me feeling drained like a depleted battery. So, I've decided to take a short break from coding to recharge (pun intended).

Don't worry, I won't be MIA for too long; just enough time to refill my code-ine tank and come back with fresh ideas.

