
From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Thursday, March 10, 1983 02:58 PM
To:      Larry Goins; John Bosworth; Yo-Yo Engberk; Cameron Howe; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    System Outage

Hi Donna,

I'm glad we're on the same page about identifying the root cause of our system outage. Updating the malloc function is indeed a solid approach to resolving the issue. However, I want to emphasize that this fix might not be sufficient to prevent future outages.

What if we've just scratched the surface? What other potential issues could be lurking in the code, waiting to strike again? We need to think about these "what ifs" and have a comprehensive plan in place to tackle them head-on. I'm talking about running thorough tests, analyzing error logs, and having a team of experts review the code.

Don't get me wrong, I'm excited about the prospect of solving this problem, but we can't afford to be complacent. We need to stay vigilant and proactive in our approach. Otherwise, we'll just be patching up holes instead of building a solid foundation for our system.

Let's schedule that meeting with John and Yo-Yo ASAP and get everyone on board with the plan.



From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Thursday, March 10, 1983 02:58 PM
To:      Larry Goins; John Bosworth; Yo-Yo Engberk; Cameron Howe; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    System Outage

Hi Malcolm,

I'm glad to hear that you're feeling optimistic about identifying the root cause of our system outage. Your proposed solution makes sense, and I've reviewed the updated code snippet. It seems like a solid approach.

I agree with your assessment that updating the malloc function should resolve the issue. I'd like to schedule a meeting with John and Yo-Yo to discuss this further and make sure we're all on the same page before implementing the fix.

Let me know when you're available, and we can coordinate a time that works for everyone.

Very truly yours,

Donna Clark
+1 512-555-0156
Director of Operations
Cardiff Electric
Operations



From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Thursday, March 10, 1983 02:58 PM
To:      Larry Goins; John Bosworth; Yo-Yo Engberk; Donna Clark; Cameron Howe

Categories: System Outage

Subject:    System Outage


Dear All,

I've been analyzing the recent system outage and I'm confident that we can identify the root cause. The error log suggests a faulty memory allocation routine in the application's core module. Specifically, the line `if (!malloc(size)) { ... }` is not being executed as expected.

After running some tests, I believe the issue can be resolved by updating the malloc function to handle edge cases better. I've attached an updated version of the code snippet below:

```c
void* malloc(int size) {
    if (size < 0) return NULL;
    // ... (rest of the function)
}
```

Please review and let me know if you have any questions or concerns.

Best,
Malcolm Levitan
Programmer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development
+1 512-555-0182

