
From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Friday, March 11, 1983 12:17 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Donna Clark

Categories:    Condolences

Hi Donna,

I'm still trying to wrap my head around [Name]'s passing. It feels like a punch to the gut, you know? I keep thinking about all the times we butted heads over some new gadget or another, and now it just seems so... premature.

Your idea of acknowledging their contributions and supporting each other during this time is well-intentioned, Donna. But honestly, I'm not sure if I'm ready to talk about any of that right now. It's all still so fresh.

I'll have to get back to you on scheduling a meeting. For now, let's just take some time to process, okay?

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski


From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Friday, March 11, 1983 12:17 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; John Bosworth; Donna Clark

Categories:    Condolences

Dear Donna,

What is there to say about this? I'm still trying to wrap my head around it. [Name] was a piece of work, but they were our piece of work. And now they're gone.

I don't know what kind of meeting you have in mind, but I'm not sure I can stomach talking about all this right now. Maybe after I've had some time to process... or maybe never. I don't know.



From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Friday, March 11, 1983 12:17 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields; John Bosworth

Categories: Condolences

Subject: Condolences on Recent Loss

Dear Debbie, Barry, and John,

I am writing to express my deepest condolences on the recent loss of [name]. As we all know, they were a vital part of our team at Cardiff Electric. I am still trying to process the news myself.

In light of this, I think it's essential that we take a moment to acknowledge their contributions and support each other during this difficult time. Our operations will need to adapt to their absence, but with [name]'s dedication and work ethic, I have no doubt that we will continue to thrive in their memory.

Please let me know if there is anything I can do to help or if you would like to schedule a meeting to discuss the team's adjustment.

Best regards,
Donna Clark
Director of Operations
Cardiff Electric
Operations
+1 512-555-0156
