
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Friday, March 11, 1983 04:13 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Yo-Yo Engberk; Malcolm Levitan; Ed Burris

Categories:    Vacation Notice

Hi Ed,

Are you kidding me? You're assigning me tasks and deadlines as if I'm some kind of robot who doesn't have better things to do. Newsflash: I'm the Vice President of Sales, not some lowly software engineer. My job is to make deals, not babysit project XYZ.

And what's with the June 10th deadline? That's not even two weeks away. You're expecting me to drop everything and focus on this one project when I've got a whole sales team to manage. And don't even get me started on your precious vacation notice. Who are you kidding, Ed? You think you're going to be "unavailable" for meetings or calls? Please.

I'll make sure everything is up-to-date and ready for review before you take off on your little vacation, but that's only because I'm a professional, not because I have some kind of obligation to Cardiff Electric. You're lucky I even care about this place.

Very truly yours,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales, Cardiff Electric, +1 512-555-0179


From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Friday, March 11, 1983 04:13 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Larry Goins; Yo-Yo Engberk; Malcolm Levitan; Ed Burris

Categories:    Vacation Notice

Hey Ed,

I'm all over my tasks and deadlines. Don't you worry about me. I'll make sure everything is up-to-date and ready for review before you take off on your little vacation. You know, the one where you get to relax and not have to deal with any of us pesky software engineers.

By the time you come back, I'll be well prepared to tackle all the tasks you've assigned me. I mean, what's a little more work, right? It's not like I have anything better to do... like actually making some real progress on our projects instead of just spinning wheels and collecting a paycheck from Cardiff Electric.



From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Friday, March 11, 1983 04:13 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Larry Goins; Yo-Yo Engberk; Barry Shields; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Vacation Notice

Subject:    Vacation Notice

Dear Team,

EMAIL START
• Important notice regarding upcoming vacation schedule.
• As we approach the quarter's end, please ensure all tasks and deadlines are met to avoid any delays.

As of today, my vacation plans have been confirmed for June 15th - June 22nd. During this time, I will be unavailable for meetings or calls. In the event of an emergency, please reach out to Larry Goins, who has been briefed on all ongoing projects and can provide support.

In preparation for my absence, I have assigned tasks and deadlines to each team member as follows:

• John Bosworth: Complete project XYZ by June 10th.
• Yo-Yo Engberk: Finish testing phase of ABC project by June 15th.
• Barry Shields: Ensure all documentation is up-to-date and ready for review before my vacation.
• Malcolm Levitan: Review and approve the latest design specs for DEF project.

