
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Monday, March 14, 1983 09:53 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Malcolm Levitan; John Bosworth

Categories:    Contract Negotiation

Dear John,

I'm feeling isolated. Like an island in a sea of despair. The thought of negotiating these contracts is overwhelming me. It's like trying to solve a Rubik's Cube blindfolded while being attacked by rabid raccoons.

I've been staring at the same paragraph for hours, and I can't seem to make any progress. My mind is numb, my creativity is dead, and my enthusiasm has vanished into thin air. I'm starting to question whether it's all worth it.

But I know that's not what you want to hear from me. You want Joe MacMillan, the fearless leader of Product Management at Cardiff Electric. The one who can rally the troops and lead them to victory. Unfortunately, that guy is nowhere to be found right now.

I'll try to muster up some enthusiasm and work on the contract negotiation strategy, but don't expect too much from me. I'm already running on fumes over here.



From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Monday, March 14, 1983 09:53 AM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Malcolm Levitan; John Bosworth

Categories:    Contract Negotiation

Hi John,

I don't know how to negotiate these contracts. It's like trying to find a way out of a maze blindfolded while being attacked by rabid raccoons. I just feel so... despairing.

Look, I get it, we need to get this right, but honestly, what's the point? We're just going to end up getting taken advantage of anyway. But hey, what do I know? I'm just a Senior Counsel at Cardiff Electric's Legal department.

I'll try to muster up some enthusiasm and work on the contract negotiation strategy, but don't expect too much from me. I'm already running on fumes over here.

Very truly yours,
Barry Shields
Senior Counsel
Cardiff Electric
Legal
+1 512-555-0166


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Monday, March 14, 1983 09:53 AM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Barry Shields; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Contract Negotiation

Subject:    Contract Negotiation Strategy


Dear Joe, Yo-Yo, Barry, and Malcolm,

Look, I know we've been working on these contracts for weeks now, but I think it's time we take a step back and really focus on our strategy. We need to be thinking about what's going to give us the best chance of success here.

Let's not forget that these contracts are crucial to our growth as a company. If we can get these right, it'll open up new opportunities for us and put us in a stronger position moving forward.

I'm not asking you all to come in on Saturday or anything (although I know some of you might be willing to do just that). What I am asking is that each of you take some time to really think about what we're trying to achieve here, and how we can work together to get there.

Let's make sure we're aligned on this. We've got a lot riding on it.


Best,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric
Sales
+1 512-555-0179


