
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Tuesday, March 15, 1983 02:50 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Gordon Clark; Yo-Yo Engberk; Barry Shields; John Bosworth; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Dear Cameron,

I'm not sure what's more embarrassing - that I got excited about hearing about your little optimization breakthrough, or that I felt compelled to respond at all. You're like a kid with a new toy, and I'm just happy to let you have your fun without feeling the need to join in.

Look, congratulations are in order, I suppose. You've done something that's probably impressive to someone who actually cares about compression algorithms. But honestly, Cameron? It's not like it's going to change my life or anything. And I'm pretty sure it won't make a lick of difference in our project either.

So, go ahead and share your excitement with the team if you want. Just don't expect me to be all smiles about it.

Very truly yours,
Ed Burris
+1 512-555-0155
Project Manager, Cardiff Electric, Project Management


From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Tuesday, March 15, 1983 02:50 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Gordon Clark; Yo-Yo Engberk; Barry Shields; John Bosworth; Ed Burris; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Dear Cameron,

Ugh, what is it with you people and your constant need to share every little accomplishment? Can't you just let me focus on my own projects without having to hear about the latest optimization breakthrough? I swear, sometimes I think you're more excited about compressing algorithms than actually getting anything done.

Look, congratulations or whatever. You've figured out how to make some new project run faster. Wow, what an earth-shattering achievement. Can we please just focus on our own work without having to hear about yours every five minutes?



From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Tuesday, March 15, 1983 02:50 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Gordon Clark; Yo-Yo Engberk; Barry Shields; John Bosworth; Ed Burris; Donna Clark

Categories: Personal Milestone

Subject: 

Hello team,

I just had to share my excitement with all of you. I finally figured out how to optimize the compression algorithm for our new project, and it's going to revolutionize our approach! It's like a dam breaking open - ideas are flowing freely now.

Looking forward to discussing this further at our next meeting.

Cheers,
Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development

