
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Wednesday, March 23, 1983 11:24 AM
To:      Gordon Clark; Barry Shields; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Expense Report

Dear Debbie,

I'm not sure what kind of world you're living in where expense reports are "tedious reminders" and people aren't actually reading them. As someone who's spent countless hours on the road, I can tell you that having a clear picture of our expenses is crucial to making informed decisions.

That being said, I do appreciate your diligence in keeping us all on track. My report is complete and will be submitted by Friday as requested. If Malcolm has any issues with his, maybe he should try taking a page out of the "make real money" playbook and get his priorities straight.



From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Wednesday, March 23, 1983 11:24 AM
To:      Gordon Clark; John Bosworth; Barry Shields; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Expense Report

Hi Debbie,

I'm surprised you're still bothering to send out these tedious reminders. Can't you see that we're all too busy making real money to worry about petty expense reports? It's not like anyone actually reads these things anyway.

As for my own report, I'll get around to it when I feel like it. Which might be never. Who knows? You can try calling me at +1 512-555-0182 if you're desperate for an update. But let's be real, Debbie. This is all just a waste of time.



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Wednesday, March 23, 1983 11:24 AM
To:      Gordon Clark; Malcolm Levitan; John Bosworth; Barry Shields

Categories: Expense Report

Subject: Expense Report


Dear Gordon, Malcolm, John, and Barry,

I hope this email finds you all well. As we approach the end of Q2, I wanted to remind everyone that expense reports are due by Friday. If you have any outstanding expenses, please make sure to submit them promptly so we can process your reimbursements.

As always, if you have any questions or concerns about submitting an expense report, don't hesitate to reach out to me. I'm more than happy to help.

Best regards,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Administration
Cardiff Electric


