
From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Wednesday, March 23, 1983 02:31 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; John Bosworth

Categories:    Social Event

Hi Donna,

I'm not sure what to say. John's team-building idea sounds like a nightmare. I mean, who thought this was a good idea? "Drinks and small talk" is just code for "forced socialization" and I'd rather stick needles in my eyes.

But, I suppose it couldn't hurt to get out of the office every once in a while. Maybe we'll run into some interesting people or something. But honestly, I'm only going because I don't want John to think I'm not willing to try. Plus, who knows what kind of gossip I might pick up?

I hope you're not expecting me to make any "connections" or whatever it is Donna's looking for. I'll be there, but don't expect me to be all smiles and rainbows.

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary
Cardiff Electric
Administration


From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Wednesday, March 23, 1983 02:31 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; Debbie Malinowski; John Bosworth

Categories:    Social Event

Hi John,

I understand what you're getting at, but I have to admit, I'm a little skeptical about this "team-building" thing. We've got our work cut out for us, and I don't see how some drinks and small talk are going to make a difference. That being said, I do think it's important we get out of the office every once in a while, just to remind ourselves what the outside world looks like.

But let's not kid ourselves - this is about more than just "getting to know each other better." This is about making connections that can help us further our interests. And I'm all for that.

So, yes, I'll be there. But don't expect me to make any small talk or pretend to be someone I'm not. I'll be there because it's a chance for me to see what's going on in the world beyond Cardiff Electric's walls.

Very truly yours,
Donna Clark
+1 512-555-0156
Director of Operations, Cardiff Electric, Operation

From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Wednesday, March 23, 1983 02:31 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; Debbie Malinowski; Donna Clark

Categories: Social Event

Subject: Social Event Invitation


Hello Cameron, Debbie, Donna,

Look, I'm not exactly a social butterfly, but we've got to get out of the office every once in a while. Cardiff Electric is growing, and that means we need to build some relationships outside of code and circuit boards. I'm proposing a team-building event - drinks and small talk at that new place downtown. It's a chance for us to unwind and get to know each other better.

I know it's not everyone's cup of tea, but I really think this could be good for morale and productivity in the long run. We've got some big goals ahead, and we need to be able to rely on each other to make it happen.

Let me know if you're interested, and we can work out the details.

Best,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0179
