
From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Monday, March 28, 1983 10:49 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Dear Ed,

I'm writing to you today feeling like a total schmuck. You see, I just had the worst day ever at the gym. I tried to do some new exercises and ended up pulling my back out. Now I've got this annoying ache that just won't quit.

But enough about me, let's talk about your email. I gotta say, I'm a little disappointed in you, Ed. You're always so full of energy and enthusiasm, but today you seem like you're going through the motions. What happened to the guy who used to get excited about software performance optimization? It seems like you've just given up.

Look, I know we're not exactly changing the world with our little programming project, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't try to do a good job. And besides, it's not all about the code, Ed. It's about having fun and pushing ourselves to be better than we were yesterday.

So here's my advice: take a step back, look at what you're doing, and remember why you started this project in the first place. You're a passionate guy, Ed. Don't let your passion get buried under a pile of routine.

Very truly yours,
Malcolm Levitan
+1 512-555-0182
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development


From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Monday, March 28, 1983 10:49 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan; Ed Burris

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Hi Ed,
I don't know why we're celebrating Phase 1 being completed. It's not like we did anything special. We just showed up and followed the manual. I mean, I'm glad we didn't mess it up too badly, but let's not get ahead of ourselves.

Optimizing software performance for real-world scenarios sounds like a whole lot of nothing to me. And don't even get me started on "robust testing protocols." We're just gonna test some stuff and hope it works, right? That's what we've been doing so far.

I guess I'm just not feeling the excitement around here. It's all just so... routine. I mean, I know we're trying to make a big deal out of this, but at the end of the day, it's just code, right?

Very truly yours,
Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support


From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Monday, March 28, 1983 10:49 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Personal Milestone

Subject: Personal Milestone

Personal Milestones are crucial to our project's success. As we approach the midpoint of our development cycle, I wanted to take a moment to reflect on our progress and set new goals for the remainder of the project.

• Completed Phase 1 ahead of schedule with minimal defects
• Successfully integrated new hardware component into system
• Identified and addressed key performance bottlenecks

Going forward, we will focus on:

• Optimizing software performance for real-world scenarios
• Implementing robust testing protocols to ensure reliability
• Developing a comprehensive documentation package for end-users

I'm proud of what we've achieved so far, and I'm excited to tackle the remaining challenges. Let's keep pushing forward!

Best regards,
Ed Burris
Project Manager
+1 512-555-0155
Cardiff Electric
Project Management
