
From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Thursday, March 31, 1983 01:39 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Cameron Howe; Ed Burris

Categories:    Apology

Hi Ed,

I'm all over this. You think we've got issues? Ha! You have no idea what kind of chaos is brewing around here. I mean, I like a good challenge as much as the next person, but come on, three weeks behind schedule? That's just amateur hour.

Look, I get it. You're trying to apologize and all that jazz, but let me tell you, Ed, this isn't about apologizing or making nice. This is about getting our act together and making sure Cardiff Electric doesn't go down the tubes. And if we're not on track, then what's the point of even having a project?

So here's my two cents: I say we ditch the apology tour and focus on what really matters - getting this thing done. We can re-evaluate priorities all we want, but at the end of the day, it's about delivering results.

Let me know when you're free to chat, and we'll get down to business. I'm game for a meeting whenever.

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary
Administration
Cardiff Electric


From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Thursday, March 31, 1983 01:39 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Cameron Howe; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Apology

Subject: Apology and Request to Re-Evaluate Priorities

Dear Gordon, Cameron, Debbie,

I'm writing to apologize for the misunderstanding regarding our project timeline. I understand that our team's efforts have not met expectations, and for that, I take full responsibility.

* Here are the key issues we need to address:
	+ Project scope has expanded beyond original parameters
	+ Resource allocation is insufficient
	+ Timeline has slipped by 3 weeks

To get back on track, I'm requesting a re-evaluation of our priorities. We need to refocus our efforts and reallocate resources to ensure the project's successful completion.

Please let me know your availability for a meeting this week to discuss the details.

Best,
Ed Burris
Project Manager
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0155
