
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Thursday, March 31, 1983 04:08 PM
To:      Cameron Howe

Categories:    Personal Update

Dear Debbie,

You know what gets my goat? When people like you pretend to be all understanding and empathetic, but really they're just enabling the status quo. You're not going to change anything by being so... accommodating.

I'm tired of talking about plans and strategies and "thinking things through". I want to see some action. I want to see some real progress. And if that means making a few waves along the way, then so be it.

You can keep playing it safe if you want, Debbie. But I'm not going to waste my time on something that's never going to amount to anything. I'll find someone else who actually wants to make a difference.



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Thursday, March 31, 1983 04:08 PM
To:      Cameron Howe

Categories:    Personal Update

Hi Cameron,

I'm not sure what's going on at Cardiff Electric that has everyone feeling like they're stuck in a rut, but I have to say, your email caught me off guard. As someone who's been around this place for a while, it's hard not to feel a little frustrated with the status quo every now and then. But I'm not sure that taking drastic action is necessarily the answer.

I've seen some of the things you're talking about - the same old code being churned out, people feeling unfulfilled... it's like we're just going through the motions sometimes. But what if it's not just Cardiff Electric? What if it's all of us, in this industry, at this moment in time?

I don't know what the solution is, Cameron. I really don't. But I do know that we can't just give up and start making noise without thinking about what we're trying to achieve. And I think that's what's missing from your email - a plan.

So here's my suggestion: let's not be hasty. Let's take some time to think about what we really want, what we're willing to risk, and how we can actually make it happen. Because if we do that, maybe we'll find that the change we're looking for isn't as elusive as it seems.

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary
Administration
Cardiff Electric


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Thursday, March 31, 1983 04:08 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Personal Update

Subject: Frustration and Desperation


Debbie,

Look, I'm done playing nice. I've had it up to here with the same old crap coming out of this company. You know as well as I do that Cardiff Electric is a dinosaur, stuck in its ways and refusing to adapt.

I'm not asking for much - just a little innovation, some actual risk-taking, and maybe, just maybe, a chance to actually make something meaningful. But no, instead we're stuck churning out the same tired code, day in and day out. It's like they think we're machines or something.

I know I'm not alone in feeling this way. I've seen it on your face too, Debbie - that look of frustration and boredom that says "Is this really all there is?" Well, I say no more. It's time for a change, and I'm willing to be the one to make it happen.


Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development


