
From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Monday, April 04, 1983 01:25 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Debbie Malinowski; Donna Clark; Ed Burris; Cameron Howe; Joe MacMillan; Barry Shields; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Vacation Notice

Hi Malcolm,

I'm feeling guilty about your vacation notice. You're going to be out of touch for a whole week, and I know how much stress that can bring when we've got critical bugs to squash.

EMAIL BODY
Speaking of which, have you thought about delegating those tasks to others? We don't want things falling apart while you're away. As your friend, I'll make sure to keep an eye on things for you. If anything urgent comes up, I'll be here to help out. Just let me know if there's anything specific you'd like me to focus on.

EMAIL BODY (continued)
On the caching mechanism idea, I'm intrigued! I've been thinking about ways to optimize our database queries too. Maybe we can schedule a call when you get back and discuss some ideas?



From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Monday, April 04, 1983 01:25 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Debbie Malinowski; Donna Clark; Ed Burris; Cameron Howe; Joe MacMillan; Barry Shields; Larry Goins

Categories: Vacation Notice

Subject:    Vacation Notice

Dear All,

EMAIL BODY
I'm sending out a heads up that I'll be taking some time off from the 15th to the 22nd of August. As per our standard HR policy, I've ensured that all my tasks are either completed or delegated to others before my departure.

In particular, I'd like to remind everyone that we're currently in the middle of a critical bug squash cycle for the new API feature. Please ensure that any outstanding issues get resolved or escalated before my vacation. For any urgent matters, please reach out to Gordon or Donna, as they'll be covering my responsibilities during my absence.

EMAIL BODY (continued)
On a separate note, I've been pondering some ideas on how to optimize our caching mechanism for the upcoming release. If anyone has thoughts or would like to discuss, I'd love to hear from you over email or in person when I get back.

EMAIL SIGNATURE
Malcolm Levitan
+1 512-555-0182
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development

