
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Friday, April 08, 1983 12:24 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Donna Clark; John Bosworth; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski; Larry Goins; Barry Shields

Categories:    Industry News

Hi Gordon,
I'm trying not to let the stress of these regulatory changes get to me, but it's hard to ignore the implications. Barry's update is appreciated, and I'll make sure to keep an eye on this development as well. As you know, we need to stay ahead of the curve in terms of innovation, and I don't want Cardiff Electric getting left behind.

I agree that our current projects should be prioritized for now, but it's crucial we understand how these changes might affect our future plans. I'll continue to monitor this situation closely and will keep you updated if anything significant develops.



From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Friday, April 08, 1983 12:24 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Joe MacMillan; Donna Clark; John Bosworth; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski; Larry Goins; Barry Shields

Categories:    Industry News

Hi Barry,

I'm amused to hear about the regulatory shifts in the PC market. It's always good to stay ahead of the curve, but I'm not sure how directly it affects our work at Cardiff Electric. That being said, I do appreciate your diligence in keeping us informed.

As Chief Engineer, my focus remains on bringing innovative solutions to the table. I'll continue to monitor the situation and provide updates as needed.



From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Friday, April 08, 1983 12:24 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Joe MacMillan; Donna Clark; John Bosworth; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski; Larry Goins; Gordon Clark

Categories: Industry News

Subject: Update on Industry Developments


Dear All,

I am compelled to bring to your attention certain industry news that may have implications for our company. As Senior Counsel, it is my duty to remain apprised of such developments and ensure that Cardiff Electric is prepared to adapt accordingly.

A recent report by the Federal Trade Commission suggests that there may be a shift in regulatory priorities regarding the emerging PC market. While this development does not directly impact our current projects, I believe it prudent to monitor the situation closely, as any changes in regulatory climate could have far-reaching effects on our industry.

I will continue to keep you informed of any updates or developments as they arise.

Sincerely,

Barry Shields
Senior Counsel
+1 512-555-0166
Cardiff Electric, Legal Department

