
From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Friday, April 08, 1983 10:58 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Ed Burris; Cameron Howe; John Bosworth

Categories:    Thank You

Hi Debbie,

I just wanted to add my thanks as well. It means a lot to me that John is acknowledging our hard work and encouraging us to keep pushing forward. We've got a great team here, and it's clear that everyone is committed to making Cardiff Electric the best it can be.

I'm looking forward to our next meeting too, where we can regroup and come up with some new strategies. I think we'll get out of this funk once we identify what's not working and make some adjustments.

Thanks again for your email, Debbie. You're doing a great job keeping us all on the same page.

Very truly yours,
Donna Clark
Director of Operations
Cardiff Electric
Operations


From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Friday, April 08, 1983 10:58 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Ed Burris; Donna Clark; Cameron Howe; John Bosworth

Categories:    Thank You

Dear John,

I just wanted to take a moment and express my gratitude for your email. It's clear that everyone is working hard, and it means a lot to me to know that our efforts aren't going unnoticed.

Sometimes when we're feeling stuck, it's easy to get discouraged, but I think it's great that you're acknowledging the effort and encouraging us to keep pushing forward. That kind of leadership can really make all the difference.

I'm looking forward to our next meeting and exploring some new strategies together.

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
Secretary, Cardiff Electric Administration
+1 512-555-0133


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Friday, April 08, 1983 10:58 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris; Donna Clark; Cameron Howe

Categories: Thank You

Subject: 

Dear Team,

EMAIL START can't believe we're not seeing more traction on those new accounts. I know we've all been working hard, but it feels like we're spinning our wheels. I want to thank each of you for your efforts, though - it's clear that everyone is giving it their all.

We need to regroup and figure out what's going wrong. I expect to see some new strategies and ideas coming forward at our next meeting.

Best,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric
Sales
+1 512-555-0179
