
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Monday, April 11, 1983 03:50 PM
To:      Donna Clark; John Bosworth

Categories:    Industry News

Dear Joe,

Oh, how the mighty have fallen. It seems like just yesterday you were trying to steal my thunder and take credit for my ideas. Now, you're reduced to sending industry news emails that nobody cares about. How the tables have turned.

Let me tell you, Joe, I'm not impressed by your attempts to appear relevant. The only thing that's "making waves" is your ego, and it's sinking fast. You can keep pushing forward all you want, but until you figure out how to work with people instead of against them, you'll just be stuck in neutral.

As for the industry news, I think we've all seen enough IBM PC clones to last a lifetime. Can we please focus on something more interesting? Like your latest scheme to undermine me?

Very truly yours,
Cameron Howe
Lead Software Developer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Monday, April 11, 1983 03:50 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; Donna Clark; John Bosworth

Categories:    Industry News

Hi John,

You're kidding me, right? You think I care about some new IBM PC clone making waves in the market? Newsflash: I've got bigger problems to worry about than what kind of computer is hot this quarter. Like trying to salvage what's left of my own reputation after you stabbed me in the back and gave my ideas to that idiot, Bosman.

You want to talk about industry news? How about some real news - like how you're still stuck in your old ways, thinking that just because you've got a few connections at Cardiff Electric means you're above it all. Well, let me tell you something, John: I'm the one who's been driving innovation around here for years, not you.

You can keep pushing forward all you want, but until you figure out how to work with people instead of against them, you'll just be stuck in neutral.



From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Monday, April 11, 1983 03:50 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan

Categories: Industry News

Subject: Industry News


Hello Cameron, Donna, and Joe,

Listen up, folks. I'm sending out some industry news that I think we can all learn from. We're at a crossroads here at Cardiff Electric, and it's more important than ever to stay ahead of the curve. The latest buzz is around this new IBM PC clone that's making waves in the market. It's not just about specs, though - it's about what it means for our customers and our competitors.

As we move forward, I want us all to keep a sharp eye out for opportunities to innovate and adapt. We've got some tough road ahead of us, but I believe in each and every one of you. Let's use this news as a reminder to stay focused and keep pushing forward.

Best,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
+1 512-555-0179
Cardiff Electric
Sales

