
From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Monday, April 11, 1983 04:49 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Apology

Dear Donna,

I'm devasted. Devastated. This is not how we're supposed to be running a company, people. We're Cardiff Electric, for crying out loud! We're the ones who make the magic happen. And then there's Yo-Yo... *sigh*

Look, I get it. Mistakes happen. But this is not just any mistake. This is a catastrophe waiting to happen. A domino effect of disasters. And you know why? Because nobody takes responsibility around here. It's always "oops" and "oh well." Well, that's not how we do things around here.



From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Monday, April 11, 1983 04:49 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Apology

Dear Yo-Yo,

Oh, great. Another brilliant move by you. I'm surprised you didn't accidentally delete the entire company while you were at it.

Let me get this straight: you deleted the wrong folder, and now we have to restore files from backups. Because that's exactly what we needed - more of your special brand of chaos. I'm starting to think that "oops" is just a euphemism for "Donna, can you fix this mess again?"

I'll get on it, because that's my job. But please, for the love of all things sane, try not to make any more mistakes. My blood pressure can't take much more of this.

Very truly yours,
Donna Clark
+1 512-555-0156
Director of Operations
Operations Department, Cardiff Electric


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Monday, April 11, 1983 04:49 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Barry Shields; Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Apology

Subject:    Oopsies and Apologies


Hello Donna, Barry, Larry, Malcolm!


Apologies all around, friends! It seems I've gone and done it again - accidentally deleted the wrong folder on our server. I know, I know, it's a classic Yo-Yo move. But fear not, for I've got a backup (or five) of all the affected files. Just need to get them restored, and we'll be back in business!


Take care,
Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer
Cardiff Electric | Software Development
+1 512-555-0142
