
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Monday, April 11, 1983 11:20 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; John Bosworth

Categories:    Customer Feedback

Dear John,

I'm not sure what's got me more worked up, the prospect of actually listening to customer feedback or the fact that we're even having this conversation. You know as well as I do that Cardiff Electric is a company that doesn't exactly have a reputation for putting customers first. So, I'm skeptical about this whole "building relationships" thing.

That being said, I do think there's some value in taking a closer look at what our customers are saying. Maybe we can find some way to spin their complaints into something that benefits us more than it does them. I mean, who knows, maybe they'll even start to like us or something (laughs nervously).

I'm willing to take a closer look at this feedback and see if there's anything in it for us. But let's not get too ahead of ourselves here. This is still Cardiff Electric we're talking about, after all.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager
Cardiff Electric
Product Management


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Monday, April 11, 1983 11:20 AM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories: Customer Feedback

Subject:    Customer Feedback


Hello Joe, Yo-Yo,

I wanted to touch base with you both about the customer feedback we've been getting lately. It's been a real mixed bag, but I think we're seeing some real opportunities for growth. A lot of our customers are excited about the direction we're headed and are willing to give us another chance.

What I'd like to propose is that we take some of this feedback and use it to inform our sales strategy going forward. Let's focus on building relationships with these customers and really understanding what they need from us. I think if we do that, we can start to see some real traction in the market.

Let me know what you both think. I'm looking forward to hearing your ideas on this.

Best,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales, Cardiff Electric, Sales
