
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Tuesday, April 12, 1983 03:24 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan; John Bosworth

Categories:    Expense Report

Hi Larry,

I gotta say, I'm feeling pretty appreciative right now. You're always pumping us up to tackle these little tasks, and I've got to admit, it's contagious. I mean, who doesn't love crushing an expense report? It's like a badge of honor, you know?

So, yeah, let's get those reports submitted ASAP. And not just because we need to keep our books balanced (although that is important). But because we're a team, and teams work together to achieve greatness.

I'm gonna make sure to prioritize my own expenses this quarter, and I expect the same from everyone else. Let's show Cardiff Electric what we're made of!

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager, Product Management
Cardiff Electric | Product Management


From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Tuesday, April 12, 1983 03:24 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan; Joe MacMillan; John Bosworth

Categories:    Expense Report

Hi John,

You know me, always optimistic and ready to take on any challenge. And getting expense reports done is just one of those challenges that needs tackling. I'm all about efficiency, so let's get these reports submitted ASAP and show Cardiff Electric who's boss!

I'll make sure to prioritize my own expenses this quarter, and I expect the same from everyone else. We're a team, after all! It's not just about getting reimbursed for lunch (although, you know, that is important too), it's about keeping our books balanced and our focus on what really matters.

So, let's do this!

Very truly yours,
Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric | Technical Support


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Tuesday, April 12, 1983 03:24 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan; Joe MacMillan

Categories: Expense Report

Subject: Expense Report - Let's Get It Done!

Dear Team,

Let's get one thing out of the way - our expense reports are a vital part of keeping Cardiff Electric running smoothly. And I'm feeling optimistic about our chances of crushing this quarter, if we can just stay on top of these little details.

So here's the deal: let's make sure to submit those expense reports ASAP. It's not just about getting reimbursed for lunch (although, let's be real, that is important too). This is about keeping our books balanced and our focus on what really matters - making Cardiff Electric a household name.

Let's show these expenses who's boss! I'm counting on each and every one of you to get this done.

Best,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric | Sales
+1 512-555-0179
