
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, April 13, 1983 01:48 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Cameron Howe; Ed Burris; Barry Shields; John Bosworth; Larry Goins

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Dear Larry,

I just wanted to take a moment to acknowledge your personal milestone. Ten years since your mom passed away - that's a big deal, buddy. You're right, it is an arbitrary benchmark, but sometimes those markers are what help us process the journey we've been on.

As someone who's had his own share of struggles and setbacks, I know how important it is to acknowledge these kinds of milestones. It takes guts to face your emotions head-on, Larry. And I'm proud of you for doing just that.

You're more than just a colleague or friend - you're an integral part of the Cardiff Electric team, and we're all better off because of you. Your support means the world to me, and I know it does to Debbie too.

Keep pushing forward, Larry. You got this.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager
Cardiff Electric
Product Management


From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Wednesday, April 13, 1983 01:48 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Cameron Howe; Ed Burris; Barry Shields; Joe MacMillan; John Bosworth; Larry Goins

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Hi Larry,

I just wanted to take a moment to acknowledge your personal milestone. Ten years since your mom passed away - that's a big deal, Larry. You're right, it is an arbitrary benchmark, but sometimes those markers are what help us process the journey we've been on.

I'm so grateful for you and all that you bring to our team at Cardiff Electric. Your support has been instrumental in helping me navigate my own challenges, and I don't know where I'd be without your guidance.

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Cardiff Electric
Administration


From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Wednesday, April 13, 1983 01:48 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Cameron Howe; Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris; Barry Shields; Joe MacMillan; John Bosworth

Categories: Personal Milestone

Subject:    Personal Milestone

Dear Colleagues,

I'm writing to share some difficult news. As of today, I've reached a personal milestone - 10 years since my mother passed away.

EMAIL BODY
In many ways, this feels like an arbitrary benchmark, but in others, it's forced me to reflect on how far I've come professionally. Supporting you all in the Technical Support department has been an incredible journey, and I'm grateful for the opportunities and challenges that have come my way.

EMAIL FOOTER
Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician, Cardiff Electric
Technical Support

