
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Wednesday, April 20, 1983 01:11 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Research Collaboration

Hi Larry and Donna,

I'm thrilled to hear that you're considering my proposal! I was starting to think that maybe I had lost my mind, but it sounds like you guys are at least willing to entertain the idea. That's a huge step in my book.

I have to admit, I'm a bit surprised by your cautionary tone, Larry. I know we've had our differences in the past, but I really do think that this could be an opportunity for us to create something truly innovative and groundbreaking. And Donna, I'd love to hear more about what you're working on - maybe there's a way we can combine forces and come up with something even better than either of us could achieve alone.

Let's schedule that meeting and see if we can't make some magic happen. I'm really excited about the possibility of collaborating with both of you, and I think it could be a huge win for everyone involved.



From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Wednesday, April 20, 1983 01:11 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Research Collaboration

Dear Cameron,

I'm not sure what's more impressive, the fact that you're trying to collaborate or the fact that you're willing to put up with us. Look, I'll play along. Your idea does sound nuts, but I suppose it's possible we could find some common ground between hardware and software. Problem is, Donna's got her own ideas about what we should be working on, and they don't exactly align with yours.

I'm feeling a little regretful about the whole thing, to be honest. We've been down this road before, and it never ends well. But hey, maybe this time will be different. Maybe we'll actually manage to create something new and innovative. Yeah, right.

Anyway, I'll talk to Donna and see what she thinks. Maybe we can schedule a meeting or something. Just don't get your hopes up too high, okay?

Very truly yours,

Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Wednesday, April 20, 1983 01:11 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Larry Goins

Categories: Research Collaboration

Subject:    Research Collaboration


Hi Donna and Larry,

Listen, I'm trying to get out of my own head here and collaborate with you guys on something. I've been thinking about our research projects and how they could intersect. I want to propose a crazy idea - what if we combine Cardiff Electric's expertise in hardware with the software know-how from the department? We could create something entirely new, something that pushes the boundaries.

I know it sounds nuts, but hear me out. What do you think?

Best,
Cameron Howe
Lead Software Developer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0147
