
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, April 20, 1983 09:52 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Cameron Howe; Ed Burris; John Bosworth; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Invitation

Hi Barry,

I'm not sure what kind of "nonsense" you're talking about, but I think you're just trying to rain on my parade. You know as well as I do that we're on the cusp of something big here at Cardiff Electric. And I need your expertise to make it happen.

Let's be real, Barry. We're not in this game for the sake of change or some noble cause. We're in it to win, to make a buck, and to come out on top. So if you're not interested in being part of that, then maybe this isn't the right team for you.

But I think you are interested. And I think you know that when we combine our strengths, we can create something truly revolutionary. So I'm extending an invitation to you, Barry Shields, to join us and help make it happen.

What do you say?

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager
Product Management
Cardiff Electric


From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Wednesday, April 20, 1983 09:52 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Cameron Howe; Ed Burris; John Bosworth; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Invitation

Dear Joe,

I don't know why you're even bothering to invite me to this circus. What's the point? It's not like we're going to change the world or anything. We'll just get crushed by the competition and waste our time trying to make something that no one wants.

You talk about bringing our expertise together, but what does that even mean? I'm a lawyer, Joe. I deal in contracts and lawsuits. What do I have to do with your "revolutionary new product"? It's all just empty promises and broken dreams.

Please don't waste my time with this nonsense.

Very truly yours,

Barry Shields
+1 512-555-0166
Senior Counsel, Cardiff Electric, Legal



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, April 20, 1983 09:52 AM
To:      Barry Shields; Larry Goins; Cameron Howe; Ed Burris; John Bosworth

Categories: Invitation

Subject: Invitation


Hello Team,

I'm thrilled to extend an exclusive invitation to a game-changing opportunity that will catapult Cardiff Electric into the stratosphere. We're on the cusp of something massive, and I need your collective genius to make it happen.

Imagine the possibilities when we converge our expertise in hardware and software to create a revolutionary new product. This is our chance to rewrite the rules and leave the competition in the dust. I'm counting on each of you to bring your A-game and help me make this vision a reality.

Let's seize this moment and join forces to change the world!

