
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, April 21, 1983 10:14 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Technical Support

Hello Malcolm,

Romance is in the air, and so are my thoughts about technical support. Barry Shields' email had me scratching my head, but I'm excited to dive into this issue with you. When it comes to software glitches, I'm reminded of the thrill of the chase - figuring out what's gone wrong and finding a solution.

Your error message reads like a puzzle, and I love puzzles! "Fatal exception: Cannot allocate memory" - sounds like a challenge worth taking on. The code snippet you provided looks like a good starting point for our investigation. I've got a hunch that Ed Burris might be able to lend a hand here, but in the meantime, let's see if we can shed some light on things.

Valgrind, huh? Sounds like something out of science fiction. But hey, being a Vice President of Sales means I get to deal with all sorts of cutting-edge tech. Bring it on!

Let's work together to crack this nut and make our customers happy. I'm looking forward to hearing back from you and seeing what we can accomplish.



From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Thursday, April 21, 1983 10:14 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris; John Bosworth; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Technical Support

Dear Malcolm,

I'm writing to you because... well, I don't know if I can actually help you. I mean, I'm no expert in technical support or whatever it is that you guys do at Cardiff Electric. But hey, I'll give it a shot! After all, I'm Barry Shields, Senior Counsel at Legal, and I've got nothing better to do.

To be honest, your error message looks like gibberish to me. "Fatal exception: Cannot allocate memory"? Sounds like some kind of alien invasion or something. And what's with this Valgrind thing? Is that some newfangled software tool or what?

Look, Malcolm, I'm just a lawyer, not a programmer. But I'll tell you one thing - if this issue is causing problems for your customers, then it's gonna cause problems for us too. You see, we've got a lot of... "entanglements" with Cardiff Electric, and the last thing I want to deal with is some software glitch causing our clients to get all upset.

So here's what I'll do - I'll send this email to Ed Burris, our resident tech genius (or so he claims). Maybe he can shed some light on things. Or maybe not. Who knows? It's not like I'm exactly overflowing with confidence in my ability to solve this problem.

Anyway, that's it for now. Hope you get your issue resolved soon.

Very truly yours,

Barry Shields
Senior Counsel
Cardiff Electric
Legal
+1 512-555-0166


From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Thursday, April 21, 1983 10:14 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris; John Bosworth; Barry Shields

Categories: Technical Support

Subject:    Technical Support Request - Issue #345


Hello Debbie, Ed, John, and Barry,

I am writing to request assistance with a technical issue we've been experiencing in our software development department. Issue #345 is related to the recent update of our flagship product, and I believe it may be impacting our customers' experience.

The error message reads: "Fatal exception: Cannot allocate memory." The affected code snippet is:

```c
int main() {
    int *ptr = (int *)malloc(sizeof(int));
    if (ptr == NULL) {
        printf("Memory allocation failed.\n");
        return 1;
    }
    free(ptr);
    return 0;
}
```

Upon further investigation, I suspect the issue may be caused by an incorrect pointer calculation. I've tried to reproduce the error using Valgrind, but the results are inconclusive.

I would greatly appreciate any guidance or insight you can provide on this matter. Your expertise in technical support will be invaluable in resolving this issue and ensuring our customers receive the best possible experience with our product.

Best regards,

Malcolm Levitan
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0182
