
From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Tuesday, April 26, 1983 04:42 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Malcolm Levitan; Joe MacMillan; Debbie Malinowski; Larry Goins

Categories:    Industry News

Dear Larry,

I'm not sure if it's the hangover or just my general apathy towards industry news, but I'm having a tough time mustering up any enthusiasm about the latest developments. Don't get me wrong, I know you're trying to keep us informed, and for that, I appreciate it.

But seriously, Larry, have you seen the state of our company lately? It's like we're stuck in some kind of never-ending cycle of mediocrity. And then there are these fancy new computers and operating systems, and I'm just over here thinking, "What's the point?" We can't even get a decent order fulfillment system working properly.

I know you're trying to stay positive, Larry, but sometimes it feels like we're just spinning our wheels out here. Maybe it's time for us to take a step back, regroup, and figure out what we really want to be doing instead of chasing after these fleeting tech trends.

Very truly yours,

Gordon Clark
Chief Engineer
Cardiff Electric
Engineering


From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Tuesday, April 26, 1983 04:42 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Malcolm Levitan; Gordon Clark; Joe MacMillan; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Industry News

Subject: 

I'm having a tough day, but I wanted to share some industry news that might interest everyone.

Hi Ed, Malcolm, Gordon, Joe, and Debbie,

It's been a rough morning for me, but I've got my priorities straight. After all, someone's gotta keep the tech community informed! So, here are some recent developments you might find useful:

* The latest issue of Byte magazine features an in-depth article on the new IBM PC/AT, highlighting its enhanced performance and compatibility with existing software.
* A new startup called Microsoft has released a beta version of their Windows operating system. It's got some exciting features, including improved multitasking and graphics capabilities.

I know it's not all sunshine and rainbows out there, but I believe that staying informed can help us stay ahead of the curve. If you have any questions or need further clarification on these developments, please don't hesitate to reach out.

Best regards,
Larry Goins
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support
+1 512-555-0144
