
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, April 28, 1983 04:00 PM
To:      Gordon Clark

Categories:    Expense Report

Dear Joe,

I'm glad to see that you're taking a proactive approach to getting our expenses under control. It's a tough spot we find ourselves in, but I think we can all agree that we need to tighten our belts and make some smart decisions.

Gordon did a great job of breaking down the engineering department's expenses for us. The overtime costs are certainly a concern, but it seems like they were necessary to get our PC design up and running smoothly. I'm not too worried about the CAD software upgrade - in my experience, those kinds of investments can pay off in the long run.

As we move forward, I think it's essential that we continue to prioritize our spending and make sure we're getting the most bang for our buck. Let's keep an eye on these expenses and see where we can make some adjustments without sacrificing too much.



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Thursday, April 28, 1983 04:00 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Expense Report

Hi Gordon,

I'm not exactly thrilled to be dealing with an expense report right now. To be honest, I'm still reeling from that meeting with the investors and trying to wrap my head around our financial situation. But, I know we need to stay on top of these things.

The numbers you've provided seem reasonable, but I do have some questions about the overtime costs. Can you break down how those were incurred and what we're doing to prevent them in the future? I'd also appreciate it if you could provide more context on why we needed to upgrade our CAD software so suddenly. Was there a specific issue or did something change that made this necessary?

I know we've got some tough decisions ahead of us, but let's focus on getting our expenses under control and making sure we're maximizing every penny.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager
Cardiff Electric
Product Management


From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Thursday, April 28, 1983 04:00 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Joe MacMillan

Categories: Expense Report

Subject:    Expense Report - Engineering Department


Dear John and Joe,

I'm writing to provide a detailed breakdown of the expenses incurred by the Engineering department during the quarter. As you know, our team has been working tirelessly to meet the deadlines for the new PC design. Unfortunately, this has resulted in some unexpected costs that I need to bring to your attention.

The primary expense is related to the additional hardware and software required to optimize our testing procedures. This includes an upgrade to our CAD software and the purchase of a high-performance graphics workstation. Additionally, we've incurred some overtime costs due to the complexity of the project. The total expenses come out to $15,432.34.

I've attached a detailed breakdown of the expenses, including vendor receipts and time sheets, for your review.

