
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Thursday, April 28, 1983 02:24 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Thank You

Dear Barry,

I'm not sure where to start. Your words have left me feeling... empty. It's like we're standing at a crossroads, and I'm not sure which path to take.

I remember when we first started working together, I thought we were invincible. That nothing could stop us from changing the world. But now... it feels like we're just going through the motions. The losses have piled up, and it's hard to see a way forward.

Your thanks for my efforts mean a lot to me, Barry. Really, they do. But I'm not sure if it's enough to keep us moving forward. Maybe I'm just stuck in my own grief right now. Maybe we all are.



From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Thursday, April 28, 1983 02:24 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Thank You

Dear Joe,

Thanks. Thanks for saying that, anyway. I know we've had our differences, but I guess sometimes you gotta put your pride aside and acknowledge when someone's done something good. You did it, Joe. You really did.

I'm not gonna sugarcoat it – things have been tough lately. But you've always been the one to push us forward, even when it seemed like nothing was going right. And I know we've got a lot more to accomplish before we can call ourselves successes.

So yeah, thanks. Thanks for believing in me and in what we're trying to do here at Cardiff Electric.



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Thursday, April 28, 1983 02:24 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Thank You

Subject: 

Hello Barry, Debbie,

I'm writing to express my gratitude for all that we've accomplished together at Cardiff Electric. As we stand at the threshold of this new era in technology, I want you to know that your contributions have been invaluable.

Despite the setbacks and challenges we face, I remain convinced that our work will change the world. And it's people like you who make that vision a reality.

Let's keep pushing forward together. We've got a lot more to accomplish.

Best regards,
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager
Cardiff Electric
Product Management
