
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, April 28, 1983 04:20 PM
To:      John Bosworth

Categories:    Expense Report

Dear Gordon,

I must say, I'm not surprised to see you feeling a little... exposed. After all, we are dealing with thousands of dollars here. But don't worry, I've got a plan to make this expense report thing as smooth as possible.

Let me put it this way: when I was playing football, I used to manipulate my opponents by making them think they had the upper hand. And that's exactly what I'm going to do with this expense report. We'll make it so complicated, you won't know which way is up!

But don't worry, I'll be here to guide you through the process. Just follow my lead and we'll get this thing done in no time.

So, let's get started, shall we?



From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Thursday, April 28, 1983 04:20 PM
To:      John Bosworth

Categories:    Expense Report

Hi John,

I'm not sure how to put this delicately, but I'm feeling a little... exposed right now. Maybe it's the whole expense report thing. Or maybe it's just that I've been staring at these numbers for hours and my brain is numb. Either way, please don't take this as a sign of weakness or anything.

Look, John, I know we're trying to streamline things and all that jazz, but can we not make this whole process any more complicated? I mean, seriously, do we really need receipts? Can't we just... I don't know, wing it?

I guess what I'm saying is, can we please just keep things simple for a little while longer? My head's spinning over here.

Very truly yours,

Gordon Clark
+1 512-555-0198
Chief Engineer
Engineering
Cardiff Electric


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, April 28, 1983 04:20 PM
To:      Gordon Clark

Categories: Expense Report

Subject: Expense Report


Dear Gordon,

I gotta say, I'm still trying to wrap my head around this expense report thing. We're talking thousands of dollars here, and I want to make sure we get this right. Can you walk me through how it all works? What's the procedure for submitting receipts and whatnot?

Look, I know it's not exactly rocket science, but I'd rather err on the side of caution. Plus, I've got a few ideas on how we can streamline this process and save some time.

Let me know when you're free to chat about it.


John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric | Sales
+1 512-555-0179
