
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Friday, April 29, 1983 04:37 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Donna Clark; Larry Goins

Categories:    Apology

Hi Larry,

Oh boy, an apology and technical support assistance? How thoughtful of you. And just in time, too - I was about to send out a team of ninjas to take care of our CT-2000 issues.

I must say, your troubleshooting guide sounds like a real treat. I'm sure it's full of juicy little details that will make my life as a programmer so much easier. Please do go on and share it with me. I'm practically salivating in anticipation.

As for scheduling a call to discuss this matter further, how about you come to me instead? I find that face-to-face conversations are always more... enlightening. Plus, it'll give us a chance to get some fresh air and maybe even grab a drink or two.

Very truly yours,
Yo-Yo Engberk
+1 512-555-0142
Programmer
Software Development
Cardiff Electric


From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Friday, April 29, 1983 04:37 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Joe MacMillan; Donna Clark

Categories: Apology

Subject: 

Apology and Technical Support Assistance


Dear Yo-Yo, Joe, Donna,

I'm writing to express my deepest regret regarding the recent issues we've encountered with the CT-2000. As a Support Technician from Cardiff Electric's Technical Support department, I understand how frustrating it can be when technical problems arise. Despite our best efforts, some issues seem insurmountable, and I want to assure you that we're doing everything in our power to resolve this matter.

To provide a comprehensive solution, I've prepared a step-by-step troubleshooting guide, which I'll send separately once we've gathered more information about the specific problems you're experiencing. In the meantime, please know that your concerns are being taken seriously, and we're committed to finding a resolution.

If you have any further questions or would like to schedule a call to discuss this matter in more detail, please don't hesitate to reach out. I'm here to help.

Sincerely,
Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support

