
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Friday, April 29, 1983 12:06 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Gordon Clark; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Meeting Request

Hi Debbie,

I'm feeling like a new man since our last meeting. I've been thinking about that project, and I've got some ideas that are going to blow the roof off this thing. I mean, we're not just talking about making progress; we're talking about changing the game.

As for your meeting request, Monday at 2 PM works perfect for me. I'm looking forward to hashing out the details with you. Let's make sure to get everyone on the same page and take it to the next level.



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Friday, April 29, 1983 12:06 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Barry Shields; Gordon Clark; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Meeting Request

Dear Debbie,

I'm still trying to process the fact that we're actually making progress on that project. I mean, it's not like we haven't been down this road before, but somehow, some way, we've managed to stumble into a situation where things are looking up.

As for your meeting request, I'll be there on Monday at 2 PM. Not because I'm particularly excited about discussing the latest developments, but because I have no choice if I want to keep my job.

I hope you're prepared for some... let's call them "constructive" suggestions from me during our meeting. I've got a few ideas that might just blow this thing wide open.



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Friday, April 29, 1983 12:06 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Barry Shields; Gordon Clark; Joe MacMillan

Categories: Meeting Request

Subject: Meeting Request

Dear John, Barry, Gordon, and Joe,

I'm reaching out to schedule a meeting to discuss the latest developments in our project. As we approach the midpoint mark, it's essential we touch base to ensure everyone is on the same page.

Please let me know your availability for next week. I've included a few options below:

* Monday at 2 PM
* Tuesday at 10 AM
* Wednesday at 1 PM

Looking forward to hearing back from you and finalizing a time that works for everyone.

Best regards,
Debbie Malinowski
Secretary, Administration
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0133
