
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Tuesday, May 03, 1983 04:43 PM
To:      Ed Burris

Categories:    Industry News

Dear Larry,

I don't know what kind of sorcery is going on in these industry news circles, but I'm getting a little tired of all these "game-changers" and "innovation pushers". Can't we just stick to what works for once? I mean, PC clusters are fine, I suppose. But do we really need to be chasing after every new development like it's the Second Coming?

I'm not saying I don't appreciate your enthusiasm, Larry. It's just that sometimes I feel like we're trying to solve problems that nobody really has. You know what I mean? Like, who exactly is clamoring for a server architecture overhaul because of some new mainframe release? And what's the point of high-performance computing if we can't even get our project off the ground in the first place?

Anyway, I'd still like to discuss how these developments might apply to our project. Maybe over a drink sometime? Let me know when you're free and we can grab lunch.



From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Tuesday, May 03, 1983 04:43 PM
To:      Ed Burris

Categories:    Industry News

Hi Ed!

I'm thrilled to hear about these new developments in industry news! It's always exciting to see innovation pushing the boundaries of what's possible. The insights you've shared are particularly relevant to our project, and I'm eager to discuss how we can leverage them.

I completely agree that IBM's new mainframe release has significant implications for our server architecture. And I'm impressed by the rise of PC clusters - it's clear that high-performance computing is going to be a game-changer.

Let's schedule a meeting to explore these opportunities further. My availability is pretty flexible, but I'd love to hear your thoughts and ideas on how we can apply these developments to our project.

Very truly yours,
Larry Goins
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Phone: +1 512-555-0144
Technical Support



From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Tuesday, May 03, 1983 04:43 PM
To:      Larry Goins

Categories: Industry News

Subject: New Developments in Industry News


Dear Larry,

I'm excited to share some key takeaways from my recent industry research. As we continue to push the boundaries of innovation at Cardiff Electric, I believe these insights will be particularly relevant to our project.

Here are the highlights:


* IBM's new mainframe release has significant implications for our server architecture
* The rise of PC clusters is changing the game for high-performance computing

These developments have potential applications for our project and I'd like to discuss how we can leverage them. Let me know your availability and we can schedule a meeting.

Best regards,
Ed Burris
Project Manager, Project Management Department
Cardiff Electric
Phone: +1 512-555-0155
