
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Tuesday, May 03, 1983 01:03 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Social Event

Dear Ed,

Ugh, seriously? You're actually suggesting we crash 80s rock concerts to "network"? How about instead of wasting our time with that nonsense, we do something actually interesting, like hack together some art installations using old computer parts and neon lights. That sounds like a real party to me.

As for your idea of "shaking things up" and doing something that'll get people talking, I'm all for it. But let's not confuse loud music and cheap beer with actual subversive thinking. Can we please just focus on creating something that doesn't make me want to pull my hair out?



From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Tuesday, May 03, 1983 01:03 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Social Event

Dear Cameron,

I love where your mind is at, my friend. Crashing 80s rock concerts or hacking together art installations with old computer parts? That's the kind of subversive thinking that gets me pumped up and ready to take on the world! I mean, who needs boring networking events when you can have a good time and make some meaningful connections?

You're absolutely right; what's the point of having a social event if it's just going to be a snooze-fest? Let's shake things up and do something that'll get people talking. And I think your suggestion about hacking together art installations is pure genius! Who knows, we might just create something that'll be the talk of the town.

Let me know what you have in mind, and I'm all in. I'll start brainstorming some ideas and see if I can bring some of my own to the table.

Cheers!

Ed Burris
+1 512-555-0155
Project Manager, Cardiff Electric
Project Management



From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Tuesday, May 03, 1983 01:03 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Ed Burris

Categories: Social Event

Subject:    Friday Frenzy


Hi Larry and Ed,

What's the point of even having a social event if we're just going to sit around like zombies, right? I'm thinking something more...subversive. Maybe we can crash some of those awful 80s rock concerts that always seem to be playing at the Holiday Inn. Nothing says "networking" like a bunch of middle-aged men in leather jackets screaming along to Journey.

Or maybe we could do something actually interesting, like hack together some art installations using old computer parts and neon lights. Who knows, we might just create something that doesn't make me want to pull my hair out.


Cameron Howe
Lead Software Developer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0147

