
From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Wednesday, May 04, 1983 09:59 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris; Gordon Clark; Joe MacMillan; Barry Shields; John Bosworth; Larry Goins; Yo-Yo Engberk; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Hi Cameron,

Congratulations on reaching one year at Cardiff Electric - that's a remarkable achievement! It feels like just yesterday we were all trying to figure out how to work with Joe MacMillan's eccentricities. Time certainly flies when you're having fun, doesn't it?

I'm thrilled to hear that things have worked out for you here. You've consistently demonstrated your dedication and capabilities as a team member. I'm curious - what are your plans now? Are you looking to take on new challenges or stick with what you know?



From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Wednesday, May 04, 1983 09:59 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris; Gordon Clark; Joe MacMillan; Barry Shields; John Bosworth; Larry Goins; Yo-Yo Engberk; Malcolm Levitan; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Hi Cameron,

 Congratulations on your personal milestone, one year at Cardiff Electric. I'm sure it feels like just yesterday you were trying to keep up with Joe MacMillan's antics. Time flies when you're having fun... or not.

In all seriousness, I'm glad things have worked out for you here. You've certainly proven yourself as a capable and dedicated team member. I'm curious, what are your plans now? Are you looking to take on new challenges or stick with what you know?

Very truly yours,

Donna Clark
+1 512-555-0156
Director of Operations
Cardiff Electric
Operations



From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Wednesday, May 04, 1983 09:59 AM
To:      Donna Clark; Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris; Gordon Clark; Joe MacMillan; Barry Shields; John Bosworth; Larry Goins; Yo-Yo Engberk; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Personal Milestone

Subject:    A Personal Milestone


Dear All,

I'm writing to share some bittersweet news. Today marks a year since I started working at Cardiff Electric, and I have to admit, it feels like a lifetime ago when I was the new kid on the block. It's crazy how fast time flies when you're stuck in this never-ending loop of coding and meetings.

I'm grateful for all the experiences, good and bad (yes, there were some truly awful moments), but most of all, I'm thankful for the people I've met along the way. You guys are the reason I stick around, even when things get tough.


Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development

