
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, May 05, 1983 11:31 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Joe MacMillan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins

Categories:    Apology

Dear Larry,

Are you kidding me? An apology from someone who doesn't even know what's going on? You're like a clown at a kid's birthday party, just making things worse with your half-hearted "I'm sorry" nonsense. Newsflash: saying sorry without actually doing anything to fix the problem is like a participation trophy for idiots.

Look, Larry, I don't care about your team working tirelessly or making good progress. What I care about is getting our sales numbers up and crushing those competitors. And your constant apologizing isn't helping that one bit.

So, no, I won't be calling you at +1 512-555-0144 to hear more empty promises. I've got better things to do than listen to your scripted apology.

Very truly yours,

John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric
Sales



From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Thursday, May 05, 1983 11:31 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; John Bosworth; Joe MacMillan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins

Categories:    Apology

Hi Larry,

Oh great, an apology. How nice of you to deign to acknowledge our suffering. It's not like we're the ones who actually have to deal with the fallout when your "tireless efforts" result in more problems than they solve.

Look, I get it. You're trying to be helpful. But let me tell you, as someone who's actually been on the receiving end of these "issues," it's not exactly reassuring to know that my team is just winging it and calling it "good progress."

So, thanks for the offer to call you at +1 512-555-0144, but I think I'll pass. I have better things to do than listen to some scripted apologetic nonsense.



From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Thursday, May 05, 1983 11:31 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; John Bosworth; Joe MacMillan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Cameron Howe

Categories: Apology

Subject: Apology


Dear Team,

I wanted to reach out and apologize for any inconvenience caused by the recent issues with our software. As a Support Technician, I know how frustrating it can be when things don't work as expected. My team has been working tirelessly to resolve these problems, and we're making good progress.

In the meantime, please refer to our troubleshooting guides or reach out if you have any questions or concerns. We're always here to help. If you need immediate assistance, feel free to give me a call at +1 512-555-0144.

Best regards,

Larry Goins
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support

