
From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Friday, May 06, 1983 01:58 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Cameron Howe; Barry Shields

Categories:    Research Collaboration

Hi Barry,

Look, I'm not sure what kind of research collaboration protocols we're supposed to be following here, but can't we just have a normal conversation about this? Do we really need to get bogged down in all the details and guidelines?

As far as I'm concerned, our projects are collaborative because that's how they work best. We're not trying to step on each other's toes or do anything shady. We're just trying to figure out some complex problems together.

I don't see why we need a comprehensive overview of everything. That sounds like a whole lot of bureaucratic nonsense. Can't we just focus on the research and let things unfold organically?

Very truly yours,

Donna Clark
Director of Operations
+1 512-555-0156
Cardiff Electric
Operations


From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Friday, May 06, 1983 01:58 PM
To:      John Bosworth; Donna Clark; Cameron Howe

Categories: Research Collaboration

Subject: Research Collaboration


Dear John, Donna, and Cameron,

I am compelled to draft this communication in a manner that strictly adheres to the parameters of our company's research collaboration protocols. As Senior Counsel in the Legal department, it is my duty to ensure that all interactions regarding research initiatives are conducted within the boundaries of our established guidelines.

In this regard, I wish to clarify certain aspects of our ongoing research projects and emphasize the importance of maintaining a strict separation between personal and professional endeavors. It has come to my attention that there may be some confusion regarding the scope of our collaborative efforts. I intend to rectify this situation by providing a comprehensive overview of our current research initiatives and outlining the specific roles and responsibilities associated with each project.

I request your prompt attention to this matter, as any deviations from our established protocols could result in unintended consequences for the company.

Sincerely,

Barry Shields
Senior Counsel
+1 512-555-0166
Cardiff Electric
Legal Department

