
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Friday, May 06, 1983 11:07 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Gordon Clark; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Meeting Request

Dear Donna,

I'm still trying to wrap my head around Joe's dramatic flair. "Seize this moment and define our own destiny!" You'd think he's trying to rally a team of space explorers or something. Anyway, I'm willing to give his meeting a shot. I mean, who knows what kind of wild-eyed ideas he'll come up with? And hey, it's not like we don't have the budget for some pie-in-the-sky projects.

I'll make sure to clear my schedule and attend the meeting. But let's be real, Donna - we've got a business to run here. I hope Joe doesn't get too carried away and forget about the bottom line.

Very truly yours,
Ed Burris
+1 512-555-0155
Project Manager
Cardiff Electric
Project Management


From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Friday, May 06, 1983 11:07 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Gordon Clark; Ed Burris; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Meeting Request

Hi Joe,

I must say, I'm amused by your dramatic flair. "Seize this moment and define our own destiny!" You're really getting into the whole product management thing, aren't you? Anyway, I'd be happy to attend the meeting and hear out your vision for Cardiff Electric's computing division.

Let's not forget to keep our feet on the ground, though. After all, we do have a business to run here.

Best regards,
Donna Clark
+1 512-555-0156
Director of Operations
Cardiff Electric
Operations


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Friday, May 06, 1983 11:07 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Gordon Clark; Donna Clark; Ed Burris

Categories: Meeting Request

Subject: Meeting Request


Hello Team,

I'm writing to request your presence at a crucial meeting to discuss the future direction of Cardiff Electric's computing division. As we stand at the threshold of a new era, it's essential that we align our efforts and set our sights on the horizon. I've outlined a compelling vision for our company's growth and success, and I'm eager to share it with you.

Let's seize this moment and define our own destiny!

Best regards,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager
+1 512-555-0132
Cardiff Electric
Product Management
