
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Monday, May 09, 1983 10:12 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Reminder

Hi Cameron,

Listen up, because I'm only going to say this once. You think we're all in this together? Ha! Let me tell you something, kid. In the business of building PCs, it's every man for himself. And if you're not ready to put in the work and earn my trust, then maybe you shouldn't be playing with the big boys.

You want to revolutionize the PC industry? Please. I've been trying to do that for years. And let me tell you, it ain't easy. You gotta have a killer instinct, Cameron. A willingness to take risks and crush your enemies. That's what it takes to win.

So don't come crying to me when things get tough. Because if you can't handle the heat, then get out of my kitchen.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager | Cardiff Electric | Product Management


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Monday, May 09, 1983 10:12 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Joe MacMillan; Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Reminder

Dear Cameron,

I'm not sure what kind of game you're trying to play here, but let me tell you, I've got my eyes wide open. You think we're all in this together? Ha! Let me remind you, I was there when you came on board, and I knew exactly what you were after. You're a lone wolf, Cameron, and don't try to hide it.

So, you want to revolutionize the PC industry with our own brand of magic? Please. You think you're some kind of messiah, but let me tell you, we've been down this road before. I know what it takes to make it happen, and it's not just waving a magic wand and saying "Abracadabra!"

Look, Cameron, I'm not going to sugarcoat it for you. You can't fool me with your "we're all in this together" nonsense. If you want to get something done around here, you'd better be prepared to put in the work and earn my trust.



From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Monday, May 09, 1983 10:12 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; Joe MacMillan; John Bosworth; Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields

Categories: Reminder

Subject:    Reminder: We're All In This Together


Hi everyone,

Let's not forget that we're all in this together. Cardiff Electric is our playground, and we need to make sure we're not playing nice and dumb with each other. I know it can be tempting to get caught up in the excitement of building something new, but let's keep our eyes on the prize.

The prize being, of course, revolutionizing the PC industry with our own brand of magic.


Cameron Howe
Lead Software Developer | +1 512-555-0147 | Cardiff Electric | Software Development
