
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Tuesday, May 10, 1983 03:34 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Ed Burris; Yo-Yo Engberk; Malcolm Levitan; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Wellness Check

Dear Debbie,

I gotta say, I'm feeling relieved about the progress we've made on the wellness check front. 15% decrease in absenteeism and a 20% boost in employee satisfaction? That's some impressive stuff.

You know me well enough to know that I'm not one for flowery language or over-the-top enthusiasm, but I'll be darned if I don't think we're onto something big here. And I'm not just talking about the numbers – I mean, those are great and all, but what really gets my blood pumping is seeing people genuinely care about their well-being.

So yeah, count me in for that meeting you mentioned. I'm game whenever works best for you. Just don't expect me to break out into song or anything (although, let's be real, if someone started belting out "I Will Survive" during one of those meetings, I'd probably join in).

Very truly yours,

John Bosworth
+1 512-555-0179
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric
Sales



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Tuesday, May 10, 1983 03:34 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Ed Burris; John Bosworth; Yo-Yo Engberk; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Wellness Check

Subject:    Wellness Check


Hi Joe, Ed, John, Yo-Yo, and Malcolm,

I'm thrilled to share that we've made significant progress on our wellness check initiatives. As you know, our goal is to ensure a healthy work environment for all employees. I'm proud to report that our team has been diligent in tracking vital signs, conducting regular stretching sessions, and promoting mindfulness practices.

The results are impressive: absenteeism has decreased by 15%, and employee satisfaction ratings have increased by 20%. I believe these outcomes demonstrate the value of prioritizing wellness.

I'd like to schedule a meeting with each of you to discuss specific strategies for maintaining momentum. Please let me know your availability, and I'll send out a calendar invite.

Best regards,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary
Administration
Cardiff Electric

