
From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Monday, May 09, 1983 11:31 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski; Yo-Yo Engberk; Cameron Howe; John Bosworth

Categories:    Congratulations

Hi Malcolm,

I'm right there with you - it's been a wild ride and we've earned that pat on the back. I mean, who wouldn't be proud of what we've accomplished? It's not just about the tech or the product; it's about the people and the passion behind it.

You know me, Malcolm. I'm all about pushing boundaries and taking calculated risks. And this - whatever "this" is - it feels like we're on the cusp of something huge. So yeah, bring on the recognition! We've earned it.



From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Monday, May 09, 1983 11:31 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski; Yo-Yo Engberk; Gordon Clark; Cameron Howe; John Bosworth

Categories:    Congratulations

Hi John,
I just wanted to add my own congratulations to the team. You're right, we've been putting in some long hours and it's paid off. I'm proud of what we've accomplished so far.

As someone who's seen this company grow from scratch, I can attest that this is a big deal. And I think it's not just about the product launch or the recognition - it's about the fact that we're building something that's going to make a real difference in people's lives. That's what gets me excited.

So thanks for acknowledging all our hard work. I'm looking forward to seeing where this takes us next.

Very truly yours,
Malcolm Levitan
Programmer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development
+1 512-555-0182


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Monday, May 09, 1983 11:31 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski; Yo-Yo Engberk; Gordon Clark; Cameron Howe; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Congratulations

Subject: Congratulations!

Dear Team,

I'm writing to acknowledge the incredible work we've all put in these past few months. We're on the cusp of something big, and I don't just mean that new product launch. It's the effort, the dedication, the blood sweat and tears – it's all paying off.

As we celebrate our successes, let's not forget why we started this journey. We didn't do it for the glory or the recognition (although, I'll be honest, it feels pretty darn good). We did it because we believe in what Cardiff Electric stands for: innovation, integrity, and a commitment to excellence.

John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric
Sales Department
+1 512-555-0179

