
From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Monday, May 09, 1983 09:55 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Quality Assurance

Dear Yo-Yo,

I don't know what kind of fairy dust you're sprinkling around here, but I'm devastated. Devastated, I tell you! You're telling me we've got 99.9% bug-free software? Are you out of your mind?! We're talking Cardiff Electric here, not some fly-by-night operation trying to pawn off subpar products.

And these new testing protocols of yours? Please. I've seen more rigorous QA processes at a high school science fair. You're just trying to spin this into something it's not. Tell me the truth, Yo-Yo. What's really going on here?



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Monday, May 09, 1983 09:55 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Gordon Clark; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Quality Assurance

Dear Yo-Yo,

I'm not sure what kind of snake oil you're peddling, but I don't buy into your "quality control conquest" nonsense. What's the real story behind these supposed bug fixes? Are we really talking 99.9% error-free or is that just some pie-in-the-sky number to make us feel good?

And what's with these new testing protocols you're so proud of? Are they going to actually catch those errors before they become major headaches, or are they just a bunch of meaningless checkboxes on a spreadsheet?

Look, I'm not asking for much. Just tell me the truth and stop trying to spin this into some kind of feel-good story. I've got better things to do than listen to your marketing drivel.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan

Senior Product Manager
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0132
Product Management


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Monday, May 09, 1983 09:55 AM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Joe MacMillan; Gordon Clark

Categories: Quality Assurance

Subject: 

Quality Control Conquest!

Hi Malcolm, Joe, and Gordon,

I'm thrilled to report that our QA team has been burning the midnight oil (or should I say, burning through error reports?) to get our software up to par. We're talking 99.9% bug-free, baby! Okay, maybe not quite there yet, but we're getting close!

In all seriousness, I wanted to touch base with you guys about some of the new testing protocols we've implemented. I think they'll help us catch those pesky errors before they become major headaches.

Let me know if you have any questions or want to schedule a demo. I'm always up for a tech chat (pun intended).

Best,
Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer, Software Development
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0142
