
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Thursday, May 12, 1983 10:52 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Barry Shields; Ed Burris; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Volunteer Opportunities

Hi Debbie,

Oh, my stars! I'm thrilled that you're on board with the volunteer opportunities idea! John's response was, well... let's just say it didn't exactly fill me with joy. But hey, I'm not giving up! I think we can make a real difference by giving back to the community.

I love your suggestion about the coding club for underprivileged kids - what a wonderful way to share our skills and inspire the next generation of coders! And who knows, maybe we'll even discover some new talent among those young minds!

As for hackathons and Code-a-thons, I'm totally in! Let's make it happen, Debbie!



From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, May 12, 1983 10:52 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Barry Shields; Ed Burris; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Volunteer Opportunities

Dear Yo-Yo,

Volunteer opportunities? Ha! You think we're just going to drop everything and start giving back to the community? Please. We've got better things to do than waste our time on feel-good nonsense.

Listen, Debbie's enthusiasm is infectious, but let's not get ahead of ourselves here. I'm John Bosworth, Vice President of Sales at Cardiff Electric. My job is to make deals, not play nice with underprivileged kids. And as for hackathons and Code-a-thons, you can keep your social good. I'll stick to making a profit.

You want to bring us together? Fine. Let's do it over a drink or a deal, not some feel-good charity event. That's just a waste of our time.

Very truly yours,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0179


From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Thursday, May 12, 1983 10:52 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Larry Goins; Barry Shields; Ed Burris; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Volunteer Opportunities

Hi Yo-Yo,

I'm thrilled to see that you're thinking of ways to bring us all together, even if it's just through some volunteer opportunities. I have to say, I'm feeling a bit relieved that someone has taken the initiative to get us involved in something outside of work. It's been a while since we've had a chance to bond over something other than code and circuit diagrams.

I love your ideas - the coding club for underprivileged kids is a great way to give back, and I'm sure our collective expertise could make a real difference. And who knows, maybe we'll even discover some new talent among those young minds! As for hackathons and Code-a-thons, count me in!

Thanks for taking the lead on this, Yo-Yo. You're always thinking of ways to bring us together, and I appreciate that.

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Administration, Cardiff Electric


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Thursday, May 12, 1983 10:52 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Larry Goins; Barry Shields; Ed Burris; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Volunteer Opportunities

Subject:    Volunteer Opportunities

Dear All,

Okay, okay, I know what you're thinking - "Yo-Yo's got a bug up her... er, code". But seriously, I'm feeling a little left out, and I thought maybe we could use some volunteer opportunities to bring us all together. I mean, who doesn't love giving back (and getting some extra cred on our LinkedIn profiles)?!

So, here are some ideas: We could help out at the local coding club for underprivileged kids, or assist with some hackathons for social good. Heck, we could even organize a "Code-a-thon" for charity! What do you guys think?

Best,
Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development
+1 512-555-0142

