
From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Monday, May 16, 1983 04:42 PM
To:      Gordon Clark

Categories:    Research Collaboration

Dear Gordon,

I'm not sure what's worse - receiving an email that's as cheesy as yours or having to respond to it. You're asking me to collaborate on research? Ha! You think I'm some kind of academic, don't you? Newsflash: I'm a programmer at Cardiff Electric, not some ivory tower professor.

Look, Gordon, I've got better things to do than waste my time on your "innovative ideas" and "synergies". I'm busy trying to keep up with the demands of this company, not indulge in your fantasy research collaborations. Besides, what makes you think our teams would even be compatible? You're an engineer; I'm a programmer. We don't exactly speak the same language.

Save yourself the trouble and send me something that's actually worth my time. And by "worth my time", I mean something that doesn't make me want to rip my hair out in frustration.

Very truly yours,

Malcolm Levitan
Programmer, Software Development
+1 512-555-0182
Cardiff Electric



From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Monday, May 16, 1983 04:42 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Research Collaboration

Subject:     Research Collaboration


Dear Malcolm,

I'm thrilled to be exploring opportunities for collaboration in research. The prospect of combining our expertise is electrifying (pun intended, given our shared affiliation with Cardiff Electric). My team and I have been pondering some innovative ideas that could benefit from your insight.

In particular, we've been experimenting with novel approaches to data compression, which we believe might intersect with your interests. A joint effort could lead to breakthroughs in both our respective areas of focus. I'd love to schedule a call to discuss the potential synergies and explore ways to bring our teams together.

Please let me know if you're available for a quick chat this week or next.


Gordon Clark
+1 512-555-0198
Chief Engineer, Engineering Department
Cardiff Electric

