
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, May 19, 1983 12:09 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; Joe MacMillan; Malcolm Levitan; Gordon Clark; Ed Burris; Barry Shields; Donna Clark; Yo-Yo Engberk; Larry Goins

Categories:    Volunteer Opportunities

Dear Larry,

What is it with you people and these "opportunities" to waste my time? Can't you see I'm busy making deals and closing sales? Do we really need to be bothered with mentorship, hackathons, and charity events? I mean, what's next? Are we going to start serving soup at the office?

Look, if it's not about selling, buying, or wheeling-and-dealing, then it's not worth my attention. And as for TechFest, let me tell you, I've got better things to do than help set up a table or register people. I'm a Vice President of Sales, Larry! My time is valuable!

Don't get me wrong, I'm sure these volunteer opportunities are fine and all that jazz, but can't someone else take care of them? I'm too busy making the deals that keep this company running to waste my time on "giving back" or whatever it is you're trying to do.

Very truly yours,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Sales
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0179


From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Thursday, May 19, 1983 12:09 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; Joe MacMillan; John Bosworth; Malcolm Levitan; Gordon Clark; Ed Burris; Barry Shields; Donna Clark; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories: Volunteer Opportunities

Subject: Volunteer Opportunities

Dear Team,

EMAIL START

I wanted to bring to everyone's attention some exciting volunteer opportunities that have come up. As you know, our company values giving back to the community, and I'd like to share a few chances to get involved.

Firstly, there's a local coding club looking for volunteers to help mentor students interested in computer science. If you're available on Fridays, we can arrange a group outing to lend a hand.

Secondly, Cardiff Electric is participating in a charity hackathon next month. We'll be working on a project to benefit a local non-profit organization, and I encourage everyone to join in and show off their coding skills.

Finally, if anyone is interested in helping out with our company's annual TechFest event, we're looking for volunteers to assist with setup, registration, and overall coordination.

Let me know if you'd like more information or would like to sign up. We'll be scheduling a meeting soon to discuss further details.

Best regards,
Larry Goins
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support
+1 512-555-0144
