
From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Thursday, May 19, 1983 01:10 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan; Barry Shields

Categories:    Wellness Check

Dear Barry,

I'm not buying what you're selling. You think you can just swoop in and start investigating us without any real evidence? Please. We all know the real reason behind your sudden interest in "wellness checks". It's because you're trying to cover your own butt.

You think we're stupid, don't you? That we'll just blindly follow along with whatever protocol you dream up next. Well, let me tell you, Barry, we're not that naive. We know how the game is played, and we're not going to fall for it.

So go ahead, waste your time trying to dig up dirt on us. But at the end of the day, you'll just find a bunch of nothing because there's nothing to find. And when you do, what are you going to do? Fire us all? Please. We're not going anywhere.

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
Secretary
Administration
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0133


From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Thursday, May 19, 1983 01:10 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Debbie Malinowski; Joe MacMillan; Barry Shields

Categories:    Wellness Check

Hi Barry,

Listen, can we just cut to the chase here? You're accusing us of not following protocols? Come on. You know as well as I do that these wellness checks are a joke. It's all about CYA and looking good for the suits.

I'm not buying this whole "initiating an investigation" thing. What exactly is it you're looking to find? Some kind of dirt to use against us? Because let me tell you, Barry, we're not stupid. We know how to play the game just as well as you do.

So, go ahead and waste your time if that's what floats your boat. But don't pretend like this is about "wellness checks" or "protocols". It's all about power and control, and I'm not having it.

Very truly yours,

Malcolm Levitan
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0182


From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Thursday, May 19, 1983 01:10 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan; Joe MacMillan

Categories: Wellness Check

Subject:    Wellness Check


Dear Colleagues,

It has come to my attention that there may be discrepancies in our wellness checks. As Senior Counsel, it is essential that we maintain a high level of diligence and precision in all aspects of our work. I have reason to believe that certain team members may not be adhering to the established protocols.

As such, I am initiating an investigation into these matters. All relevant documentation will be reviewed, and any non-compliance will be addressed accordingly. I expect full cooperation from each of you during this process.

Please do not hesitate to contact me should you have any questions or concerns.

Sincerely,
Barry Shields
Senior Counsel
Cardiff Electric
Legal Department
+1 512-555-0166

