
From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Friday, May 20, 1983 09:36 AM
To:      Donna Clark

Categories:    Social Event

Hi Ed,

I've received your email and must say, it's a bit...underwhelming. You're feeling sorrowful? That's rich coming from someone who's always so focused on their own projects. I'm not surprised you'd rather be somewhere else, but that doesn't mean we can just opt out of these social events.

You know as well as I do that building relationships and networking are crucial to our success here at Cardiff Electric. And let me tell you, Ed, nobody likes a sulky project manager. It's time to put on your best face and mingle with the other big cheeses.

As for activities, don't bother sending me your top three choices. I've already got it all planned out. You'll do exactly as I say and participate in whatever activity I deem fit. And if you so much as think about not showing up, there will be consequences.



From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Friday, May 20, 1983 09:36 AM
To:      Donna Clark

Categories:    Social Event

Dear Donna,

I'm feeling a little sorrowful today. The thought of attending another social event, pretending to have fun with people who don't truly understand me, is exhausting. But, I suppose it's part of being a project manager at Cardiff Electric.

As you know, I've been putting in long hours to make sure our project stays on track. I'm not sure how much more of this I can take. The last thing I want to do is add another evening of forced socializing to my plate. But, I'll attend the event if it's what's expected of me.

Please don't bother sending me a list of activities to choose from. I'll just pick something that looks like fun and pretend to enjoy myself. That's usually how these things go for me anyway.

Very truly yours,
Ed Burris
+1 512-555-0155 | Project Manager, Cardiff Electric | Project Management


From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Friday, May 20, 1983 09:36 AM
To:      Ed Burris

Categories: Social Event

Subject: Social Event

Dear Ed,

I'm writing to confirm our plans for the upcoming social event. As you know, I've been putting a lot of effort into making sure everything runs smoothly here at Cardiff Electric. It's disheartening to see some people getting more attention than others.

In any case, I believe it's essential we maintain a professional atmosphere outside of work as well. The event is scheduled for next Friday at 6 pm. Please make sure you RSVP by Thursday so we can finalize the arrangements.

I've been keeping track of who's attending and making notes on their preferences. It would be helpful if you could send me your top three choices for activities by tomorrow afternoon.

Best regards,
Donna Clark
+1 512-555-0156 | Director of Operations, Cardiff Electric | Operations

