
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Tuesday, May 24, 1983 11:47 AM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Malcolm Levitan; Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Reminder

Dear Gordon,

I'm not sure why we're bothering with reminders at all. It's not like any of us are going to forget what needs to be done. We're engineers, after all. We don't make mistakes. We just... adjust our expectations downward.

Look, I know you think this project is a big deal. And it probably is for Cardiff Electric. But for me? It's just another reminder that I'm stuck in this dead-end job, pretending to care about the minutiae of computer interfaces.

Malcolm will confirm he's on schedule because he's a yes-man and doesn't want to disappoint you. Debbie will run those tests because she's a good soldier and follows orders without question. And Ed will provide an estimated timeline because that's what engineers do – we make excuses for our incompetence.

So, no, I won't be "pushing forward" or whatever empty corporate jargon you're spewing. I'll just keep on pretending to care until this project is over and I can go back to my real life: staring at code, drinking whiskey, and wondering what could have been.

Very truly yours,

Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer
Software Development
Cardiff Electric



From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Tuesday, May 24, 1983 11:47 AM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Malcolm Levitan; Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris; Cameron Howe

Categories: Reminder

Subject:    Reminder: Project X-1 Milestone

Dear Team,

I'm thrilled to share that we've reached a critical milestone in Project X-1. As you know, our team has been working tirelessly to develop a revolutionary new interface for Cardiff Electric's next-generation computer.

The success of this project hinges on meeting specific technical requirements, and I'm pleased to report that we're on track to meet the first deadline. However, there are still several critical components that need attention before we can declare victory.

In particular, I want to emphasize the importance of testing the new interface with our proprietary operating system. This is a make-or-break step, as it will ensure seamless integration and prevent costly rework down the line.

I've outlined the key tasks below:

* Malcolm: Please confirm that you're on schedule to deliver the OS update.
* Debbie: I need you to run a series of compatibility tests with our current software stack.
* Ed: Your expertise in hardware-software integration is crucial at this stage. Can you provide an estimated timeline for completing your portion of the work?

Let's keep pushing forward, and I'm confident we'll achieve success.

Best regards,

Gordon Clark
+1 512-555-0198
Chief Engineer, Engineering Department
Cardiff Electric

