
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Tuesday, May 24, 1983 02:17 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Malcolm Levitan; Larry Goins; Barry Shields; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Training and Development

Dear Debbie,

I'm disappointed to see that none of these training and development opportunities are focused on software development. It feels like Cardiff Electric is more interested in making sure our project management skills are sharp than actually improving our technical expertise.

As someone who's been working on the same old software for years, I'd love to see some workshops or seminars that help us catch up with the latest developments and best practices in the field. But until then, I'll just have to keep learning on my own time.

Very truly yours,
Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development


From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Tuesday, May 24, 1983 02:17 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Malcolm Levitan; Larry Goins; Barry Shields; Cameron Howe

Categories: Training and Development

Subject: Upcoming Training and Development Opportunities


Hi Ed, Malcolm, Larry, Barry, and Cameron,

I'm excited to share with you our latest training and development offerings. As we continue to grow and evolve as a company, it's essential that we invest in our employees' skills and knowledge.

We've scheduled a series of workshops and seminars on topics such as project management, software development, and data analysis. These sessions will be led by industry experts and are designed to help you stay ahead of the curve.

I'd like to encourage everyone to take advantage of these opportunities to learn and grow. Not only will it benefit your careers, but it will also enhance Cardiff Electric's competitiveness in the market.

If you're interested in attending any of these sessions, please reply to this email by COB Friday with your preferred dates and topics.

Looking forward to hearing back from you all!

Best regards,
Debbie Malinowski
Secretary
Cardiff Electric
Administration
+1 512-555-0133
