
From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Wednesday, May 25, 1983 12:10 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Apology

Hi Joe,

You know, sometimes I get these feelings. Feelings of nostalgia, like when I'm flipping through old issues of Electronics Weekly and I come across that article about the first microprocessor. Man, those were good times. We were pioneers, Joe! We didn't know what was going to hit us next, but we knew it was gonna be something.

But anyway, enough about me getting misty-eyed. You're right, Joe. We can't keep dwelling on past mistakes. I mean, I've made my share of blunders, and I'm sure you have too. But the point is, we can learn from them. And if that means apologizing for screwing up, then so be it.

I apologize, Joe. For letting things get out of hand, for not being more vigilant, for... well, for just about everything. You deserve better than what I gave you, and I'm sorry for that.

Now, let's put this behind us like we always do. We're gonna take the lessons we learned from those mistakes and use 'em to make something new and beautiful. You can count on me, Joe. I'll be right there with you, hammer in hand, ready to build whatever comes next.

Very truly yours,
Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician, Cardiff Electric, Technical Support


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, May 25, 1983 12:10 PM
To:      Larry Goins

Categories: Apology

Subject: Apology and Moving Forward


Dear Larry,

Let's not waste any more time dwelling on past mistakes. We've got a window of opportunity to revolutionize the industry, and I'm not going to let petty regrets hold us back. It's time for Cardiff Electric to take the reins and own the future.

We need to put this behind us and focus on what we're truly capable of. Your expertise is crucial in making this happen, Larry. Let's make a commitment to each other that we'll leave our doubts at the door and come together with a renewed sense of purpose.

Let's make it happen.

Best,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager, Cardiff Electric
Product Management
+1 512-555-0132
