
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Thursday, May 26, 1983 11:03 AM
To:      John Bosworth

Categories:    Internal Announcement

Dear John,

Ugh, what's got you spooked? You're always saying how things are going great at Cardiff Electric, but now you're sounding like a worried parent whose kid is considering joining a punk rock band. "Reports" coming in that people might be leaving? What, have the rumor mills been spreading lies about our company culture?

Listen, John, if someone's thinking of jumping ship, it's probably because they've realized that Cardiff Electric isn't as exciting as they thought it was. And honestly, I don't blame them. This place can be a real snooze-fest sometimes.

But hey, what do you care? You're the one who gets to sit in your fancy office and make decisions about what's best for the company. Meanwhile, the rest of us are stuck dealing with the consequences of those decisions.

Anyway, if anyone's thinking of leaving, I'll let them know that they can count on me for a solid reference... as long as they don't try to poach any of our best developers, that is.

Very truly yours,

Yo-Yo Engberk
+1 512-555-0142
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, May 26, 1983 11:03 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories: Internal Announcement

Subject: Internal Announcement


Yo-Yo,

Look, I'm gonna cut to the chase. Something's got me spooked. Reports are coming in that some of our team members might be looking to jump ship. Now, I get it - the prospect of working on something new and shiny can be tempting. But let me tell you, Cardiff Electric is where it's at. We're building something special here.

I want to make sure we're all on the same page: our people are what make us tick. If anyone's thinking about making a move, I'd like to know about it sooner rather than later. Let's keep our priorities straight and focus on driving results for Cardiff Electric.

Let me know if you've got any insights or concerns.

John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric
Sales

