
From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Monday, May 30, 1983 12:25 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Technical Support

Hi Malcolm,

I just got off the phone with a customer who was having some issues with our software, and I'm feeling pretty inspired. You know how sometimes things just click into place? Yeah, that happened today. Anyways, I was thinking about your email and the optimization suggestions you made.

I have to say, I love the idea of implementing an IF-THEN statement in our error handling script. It's so simple yet effective. I can already imagine the reduction in customer frustration just from having more informative error messages. And who knows, maybe we'll even see a decrease in support requests! The example you provided looks great, and I'm definitely on board with exploring ways to integrate these improvements into our technical support workflow.

Let's chat about this further this week. Maybe over a beer or two? I'd love to discuss the details and get your thoughts on how we can make it happen.



From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Monday, May 30, 1983 12:25 PM
To:      Larry Goins

Categories: Technical Support

Subject:    Optimizing Error Handling in Technical Support

Dear Larry,

I've been reviewing the latest error reports from our customers and noticed a pattern of frustration with the current technical support workflow. As someone who's familiar with the intricacies of our software, I thought it would be beneficial to propose some optimization suggestions.

In my analysis, I found that 75% of the reported errors can be attributed to user misunderstanding of our documentation or minor configuration issues. By implementing a simple IF-THEN statement in our error handling script, we can proactively provide more informative and helpful error messages, thereby reducing customer frustration and support requests. Here's an example:

```
IF (error_type == "configuration") THEN
  RETURN "Please check your system settings."
ELSE IF (error_type == "documentation") THEN
  RETURN "Review our documentation for clarification."
END IF;
```

These changes would require minimal code modifications, but the payoff in terms of user experience and reduced support requests could be significant.

I'd love to discuss this further with you and explore ways to integrate these improvements into our technical support workflow. Please let me know if you're available to chat this week.

Best regards,
Malcolm Levitan
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0182
