
From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Tuesday, May 31, 1983 10:04 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields; John Bosworth

Categories:    Industry News

Dear John,

I'm not sure how to put this delicately, but my gut is telling me that we're in a world of trouble. I know we've been riding high with our success at Cardiff Electric, but I think it's time for us to take a hard look at ourselves and ask if we're still innovating or just resting on our laurels.

I'm not saying IBM is the only game in town, but if they're about to drop something big, then that changes everything. We can't afford to be complacent anymore. It's time for us to get our act together and really push ourselves to stay ahead of the curve.

As someone who's been around the block a few times, I think we need to focus on what makes us unique and build on those strengths. Maybe it's time for us to take some calculated risks and see where they lead us.

I know this might not be the most optimistic view, but I hope you'll consider my two cents. We can't let complacency get the best of us.

Very truly yours,

Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Tuesday, May 31, 1983 10:04 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Barry Shields; Larry Goins

Categories: Industry News

Subject: 

John Bosworth


I'm reaching out to all of you because I'm concerned about the recent developments in the industry. I know we're not just a company, we're a team, and I want to make sure we're all on the same page.

We need to stay ahead of the game, and that means keeping an eye on what's happening around us. I've been following some of the rumors and whispers about IBM getting ready to release something big, and let me tell you, it keeps me up at night.

I know we have a lot going for us here at Cardiff Electric, but complacency is not our friend. We need to keep pushing, keep innovating, and keep looking for ways to stay one step ahead of the competition.

Let's make sure we're all on the same page when it comes to this industry news. I want to hear your thoughts and ideas on how we can use this information to our advantage.

John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric, Sales
+1 512-555-0179
