
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Tuesday, June 07, 1983 10:14 AM
To:      Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan; Cameron Howe; Barry Shields; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Reminder

Hi Malcolm,

I love a good reminder, especially when it comes to optimizing our category algorithm. You know me, always thinking about how we can improve things around here. I'm all for refining our current implementation with something more advanced like a balanced tree or trie.

You're right on the money about reducing the number of nodes needed to traverse from root to leaf. That could definitely lead to improved query performance and better overall system responsiveness. I'm already thinking about how we can implement this in our system.

Let's discuss potential implementation details further. I'd love to hear your thoughts on this idea and see if we can come up with a plan to make it happen.

Very truly yours,
Ed Burris
Project Manager, Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0155

From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Tuesday, June 07, 1983 10:14 AM
To:      Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan; Cameron Howe; Barry Shields; Ed Burris

Categories: Reminder

Subject:    Reminder: Category Algorithm Refinement


Dear colleagues,

I've been pondering the category algorithm and wanted to remind everyone that we're due for a refinement. Our current implementation is based on a simple binary search, which has been effective thus far, but I believe we can optimize further by incorporating a more advanced data structure, such as a balanced tree or even a trie.

For example, if we use a trie to store the category hierarchy, we could potentially reduce the number of nodes needed to traverse from root to leaf. This could lead to improved query performance and better overall system responsiveness.

I'd love to hear your thoughts on this idea and discuss potential implementation details further. Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to collaborate on refining our category algorithm.


Best regards,
Malcolm Levitan
Programmer, Cardiff Electric
Software Development Department
+1 512-555-0182