
From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Tuesday, June 07, 1983 02:09 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Ed Burris; Cameron Howe; John Bosworth

Categories:    Vacation Notice

Dear John,
Hi Larry,

I'm feeling a little curious about this whole vacation notice thing. It's not every day that the VP of Sales takes off, especially when things are getting interesting around here. I get where you're coming from, though - everyone needs a break sometimes.

As a secretary, I've seen my fair share of drama unfold in the office. And I have to say, it can be overwhelming at times. But I'm sure that with Larry and the rest of the team working together, things will stay on track while you're away.

I do hope you'll take some time to relax and recharge during your vacation, though. You deserve it!

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary
Administration
Cardiff Electric


From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Tuesday, June 07, 1983 02:09 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Ed Burris; Cameron Howe; Debbie Malinowski; John Bosworth

Categories:    Vacation Notice

Hi John,
I'm not gonna lie, I'm feeling a little salty about this whole vacation notice thing. You're taking off and leaving me to deal with all the drama that's bound to go down while you're gone. I mean, what am I supposed to do? Magic up some sales numbers out of thin air?

Look, I know you think you're doing us a solid by giving us a heads up, but honestly, John, this is a real kick in the teeth. You're the VP of Sales and you're taking off right when things are getting interesting. What about all the deals we've been working on? Who's gonna close them?

I know I'm just a Support Technician, but I've got feelings too, John. And my feeling is that this vacation notice is a real backstabber.

Very truly yours,
Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Tuesday, June 07, 1983 02:09 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Ed Burris; Larry Goins; Cameron Howe; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Vacation Notice

Subject: Vacation Notice

Dear Team,

EMAIL START
I'm writing to let you know that I'll be taking a few days off for personal reasons. Don't get me wrong, I love my job and Cardiff Electric, but even sales vice presidents need a break sometimes.

Look, I know what's going on in the industry right now. We're all working hard to stay ahead of the curve. But I'm counting on each and every one of you to keep things running smoothly while I'm away. You're the best team I've ever worked with, and I trust that you'll continue to crush your numbers without me.

I'll be back in touch soon, refreshed and ready to tackle whatever challenges come our way.

Best regards,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
+1 512-555-0179
Cardiff Electric
Sales

