
From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Wednesday, June 08, 1983 04:41 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Donna Clark; Gordon Clark; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Cameron Howe; John Bosworth; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Industry News

Hi Debbie,

Look, I don't know how to sugarcoat this, but I'm feeling a little overwhelmed right now. You're asking me to think about IBM and their PCjr, and honestly, my mind is already racing with all the other crap going on in our own company. Can we talk about something else for a minute? Like, have you seen the latest designs for the new data center? I mean, it's like they're trying to make our heads spin.

But if you really want me to weigh in on this IBM thing, I'll tell you what I think: we should be concerned. We can't just sit around and hope that nobody notices us. We need to start thinking about how we're going to stay ahead of the curve. Maybe it's time we started working with some other companies or investing in some new tech.

Look, Debbie, I know this is a lot to take in, but can you please tell me what your plan is for dealing with all this? I'm feeling like I'm drowning over here.

Very truly yours,
Barry Shields
Senior Counsel, Legal, Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0166


From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Wednesday, June 08, 1983 04:41 PM
To:      Ed Burris; Donna Clark; Barry Shields; Gordon Clark; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk; Cameron Howe; John Bosworth

Categories: Industry News

Subject: Industry News - Embarrassing Admission


Dear Ed, Donna, Barry, Gordon, Malcolm, Yo-Yo, Cameron, and John,

I'm writing to share some industry news that has left me feeling a bit...red-faced. I recently came across an article about the IBM PCjr, which, if you're not aware, is their latest attempt at breaking into the home computer market. As you can imagine, it's got me wondering about our own position in this space.

To be honest, seeing how well they've positioned themselves has made me a bit...nervous. It's not that I think we're necessarily competing directly (yet), but the thought of being left behind is a bit unsettling. I know we've been working hard on our own projects, but it's hard to ignore the elephant in the room.

I just wanted to pass this along and get your thoughts. Are any of you more familiar with their plans or strategies? Should we be concerned?

Best regards,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Administration
Cardiff Electric

