
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Thursday, June 09, 1983 12:18 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Debbie Malinowski; Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan; Larry Goins; Cameron Howe; John Bosworth; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Industry News

Dear Gordon,

I'm feeling like we're sitting at the edge of a revolution, my friend. Five years since the IBM PC changed everything? It feels like just yesterday we were scrambling to keep up with the pace of innovation. And now, you're talking about fragmentation in the market? That's just the tip of the iceberg.

I love what Yo-Yo said about this being an opportunity for us to innovate and differentiate ourselves. We can't just sit back and let the Amiga and Atari ST folks steal our thunder. Cardiff Electric needs to be at the forefront of this new wave, not stuck in the past.



From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Thursday, June 09, 1983 12:18 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Debbie Malinowski; Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan; Larry Goins; Ed Burris; Cameron Howe; John Bosworth; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Industry News

Hi Gordon,

Wow, five years since the IBM PC revolutionized the market? That's crazy talk! It feels like just yesterday we were all trying to figure out what this "personal computer" thing was all about. I'm grateful for the pace of innovation - it keeps me on my toes and forces me to stay current.

I'm intrigued by your article on Amiga and Atari ST. Fragmentation in the PC market is a wild card, but I think it's an opportunity for us to innovate and differentiate ourselves. What do you think we can learn from these new players?

Best,

Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer, Software Development
+1 512-555-0142



From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Thursday, June 09, 1983 12:18 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Debbie Malinowski; Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan; Larry Goins; Ed Burris; Yo-Yo Engberk; Cameron Howe; John Bosworth

Categories: Industry News

Subject:    Nostalgia and Industry Trends


Hello,

I find myself lost in thought as I sift through the latest industry reports. It's hard to believe it's been five years since the IBM PC revolutionized the market. The pace of innovation has been relentless, and yet, I'm struck by how much we've remained stagnant in our own endeavors. Cardiff Electric's stagnation is a topic for another time, perhaps.

What caught my attention was an article on the rise of Amiga and Atari ST. It's clear that the Wintel duopoly is no longer the only game in town. The PC market is becoming increasingly fragmented, with Apple still holding strong. As we navigate this changing landscape, I believe it's essential to stay informed about the latest developments.

I'd appreciate any thoughts you may have on this topic. Perhaps we can discuss further during our next meeting.

Best regards,

Gordon Clark
+1 512-555-0198
Chief Engineer, Engineering Department
Cardiff Electric

