
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Friday, June 10, 1983 12:39 PM
To:      Cameron Howe

Categories:    Congratulations

Dear Barry,

I'm still trying to wrap my head around what happened. One minute we're scrambling to make ends meet, and the next, we've got a green light on 801. It's surreal. And I have to admit, I'm struggling to muster up the enthusiasm to celebrate.

You're right; your...persuasive abilities did play a role in making this happen. But let's not forget that my coding skills were the real game-changer here. Without me, we wouldn't even be having this conversation.

That being said, congratulations are in order. You've managed to spin this into something positive, and I suppose that's worth acknowledging. Just don't get too carried away; we're still a long way from actually making it happen.



From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Friday, June 10, 1983 12:39 PM
To:      Cameron Howe

Categories:    Congratulations

Hi Cameron,

I'm not sure what's more surprising, that we actually got the green light or that you're willing to give me credit. Don't get me wrong, I'm thrilled that 801 is moving forward, but let's not forget who really did all the heavy lifting here. You know as well as I do that my...persuasive abilities played a significant role in getting things done.

But hey, I'll take the congratulations and run with it. It's about time someone recognized my efforts around here. And who knows, maybe this is just the start of something big for us. The possibilities are endless, Cameron. Endless.

Very truly yours,
Barry Shields
+1 512-555-0166
Senior Counsel
Cardiff Electric
Legal


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Friday, June 10, 1983 12:39 PM
To:      Barry Shields

Categories: Congratulations

Subject:    

Congratulations!

Dear Barry,

EMAIL START... yeah, okay, fine. You're probably wondering why I'm writing to congratulate you, and honestly, I'm a little embarrassed too. But hear me out - we just got the green light for the 801 project, and it's all because of your persistence (and my hacking skills, but let's not get too ahead of ourselves).

I know we didn't exactly see eye-to-eye on everything, but you've been a crucial part of making this happen. So, congratulations! You did it!

Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development

