
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Friday, June 10, 1983 11:03 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Dear Gordon,

I'm feeling guilty, man. I know how frustrating it can be when things aren't going as planned, and it sounds like that's exactly what's happening with you right now. I don't want to rub it in your face, but my milestone is definitely a reminder that we're all on different journeys.

When I read about your struggles with the algorithm, I'm reminded of my own moments of doubt and frustration. And yeah, it can feel like everyone else is moving forward while you're stuck in neutral. But trust me, Gordon, those feelings are normal. We've all been there, even if we don't always show it.

I'd be happy to send you a screenshot of the algorithm working, not just because I'm trying to rub it in your face (although, let's be real, it is kind of awesome), but because I genuinely want to help you break through this barrier. And yeah, maybe that will give you the motivation boost you need to get out of this rut.

Let me know when you're ready to plan that coding roulette thing again. I'm always up for a challenge and some friendly competition.



From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Friday, June 10, 1983 11:03 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Hi Yo-Yo,

I'm not going to sugarcoat it, I'm feeling pretty frustrated right now. You're celebrating your milestone while I'm stuck in a pit of code that refuses to budge. It's like trying to get blood from a stone.

Don't get me wrong, I'm happy for you and all, but when I read about your algorithm-cracking skills, it just feels like another reminder that I'm not getting the job done. I know, I know, we're all in this together, but sometimes it feels like everyone else is moving forward while I'm stuck in neutral.

I guess what I'm trying to say is, I appreciate your enthusiasm and all, but can you please just send me a screenshot of that algorithm working? Maybe that'll give me the motivation boost I need to get out of this rut. And maybe we can plan that coding roulette thing another time when I'm not feeling like I've got my head stuck in the mud.

Very truly yours,

Gordon Clark
+1 512-555-0198
Chief Engineer, Cardiff Electric
Engineerin

From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Friday, June 10, 1983 11:03 AM
To:      Gordon Clark; John Bosworth; Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Personal Milestone

Subject:    Milestone Madness!

Dear Gordon, John, Larry, and Malcolm,

 EMAIL BODY

Hey guys! It's your old pal Yo-Yo here, and I'm feeling like a boss (or at least, a semi-autonomous program) because I just hit a major milestone in my coding adventure! I've finally cracked the code on that pesky algorithm we've been trying to tame for weeks. Now, I know what you're thinking - "Yo-Yo, what's the big deal?" Well, let me tell you, it's a game-changer (or at least, it will be once I refactor the entire thing and make it slightly less terrible). Seriously though, I'm really proud of myself for persisting through all those late nights, caffeine-fueled debugging sessions, and occasional existential crises about the meaning of life.

EMAIL BODY

So, what do you say to a celebratory round of coding roulette? Let's raise our glasses (of coffee) to new achievements, old friends, and the never-ending quest for code that doesn't crash!

