
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Monday, June 13, 1983 09:07 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Congratulations

Dear Malcolm,

Congratulations to us all! I'm thrilled that we've hit this milestone. You're right, of course - there's still a lot of work to be done, but let's not get too caught up in the nitty-gritty details just yet. We should definitely acknowledge and celebrate our progress.

I love what you did with the error handling code snippet. That's exactly the kind of thinking we need more of around here. You're absolutely right that small changes can make a huge difference, and I think this is a great step forward for us.

Let's keep pushing forward and see where this takes us! I'm excited to discuss our concerns further and explore ways to optimize our code for production.

Very truly yours,
Cameron Howe
Lead Software Developer, Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0147


From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Monday, June 13, 1983 09:07 AM
To:      Cameron Howe; Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Congratulations

Hi Malcolm,

Congrats on the prototype milestone. Honestly, I'm not surprised we made it this far considering the countless hours we've put in. But let's be real, there's still a lot of work to do before we can even think about production.

I'm glad you're acknowledging our progress, but I'm with you - I still have some major reservations about the stability and scalability of the prototype. We need to keep pushing forward and making adjustments until we're confident it's ready for prime time.

The code snippet you shared is a good step in the right direction, but let's not get too ahead of ourselves here. We can't afford to get complacent when there are still so many unknowns.

Let's schedule some time to discuss these concerns further and see what we can do to optimize our code for production.

Very truly yours,
Barry Shields


From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Monday, June 13, 1983 09:07 AM
To:      Cameron Howe; Barry Shields; Larry Goins

Categories: Congratulations

Subject:    Congratulations on the Prototype Milestone


Dear Cameron, Barry, and Larry,

I must admit that I'm approaching this message with a healthy dose of skepticism. As you know, our team has worked tirelessly to reach this milestone, but I still have some reservations about the stability and scalability of the prototype.

That being said, I think it's important to acknowledge the significant progress we've made. The code snippet below demonstrates the improved error handling:
```c
if (err_code == 0x01) {
    printf("Error: %s\n", strerror(err_code));
} else if (err_code == 0x02) {
    printf("Fatal Error: %s\n", strerror(err_code));
}
```
This small change has already prevented several crashes during testing. I believe it's a step in the right direction, but we still have much work ahead of us.

I look forward to discussing these concerns further and exploring ways to optimize our code for production.

Best regards,
Malcolm Levitan
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0182

