
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Tuesday, June 14, 1983 12:10 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Debbie Malinowski; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Wellness Check

Dear Yo-Yo,

I'm not sure what kind of voodoo you're using to keep everything humming along, but I'm skeptical about the whole "code looking sharp" thing. I mean, have you seen my code lately? It's a mess! But hey, maybe that's just me being paranoid.

As for your wellness check, I'd say things are... stable. Yeah, that's it. Stable. My coffee mug is always full, but don't get me wrong, I'm not exactly feeling grateful about anything right now. Maybe once the dust settles on our current project, we can catch up properly and talk about some real stuff.

Cheers,
Ed Burris
+1 512-555-0155
Project Manager, Cardiff Electric | Project Management


From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Tuesday, June 14, 1983 12:10 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Wellness Check

Dear Yo-Yo,

I'm feeling grateful that our projects are humming along like a well-oiled machine over here. Everything's ship-shape, just like your code!

It's been a while since we've had a chance to catch up, but I'm happy to report that life is good in the world of Cardiff Electric. My coffee mug is always full, and my code is looking sharp.

I hope you're doing well too! Let me know if there's anything new and exciting happening on your end. I'm all ears (or in this case, all eyes on the screen).

Very truly yours,
Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician, Cardiff Electric | Technical Support


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Tuesday, June 14, 1983 12:10 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris

Categories: Wellness Check

Subject:    
Wellness Check


Hi Gordon, Larry, Debbie, and Ed,

Hope you're all coding like fiends over there! Just wanted to drop in and do a quick wellness check. All systems are go here - projects are on track, coffee is flowing, and my code is looking ship-shape!

Let me know if everything's humming along in your corner of the world too.


Yo-Yo Engberk
Programmer | Cardiff Electric | Software Development
+1 512-555-0142

