
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Friday, June 17, 1983 01:48 PM
To:      Gordon Clark

Categories:    Industry News

Dear Debbie,

I'm feeling pretty optimistic about the situation. Gordon's frustration is understandable, but I think we can find a way to make our own thing work. We just need to be willing to take some calculated risks and innovate. That's what Cardiff Electric is all about, right? Embracing change and pushing the boundaries of what's possible.

I love your idea about finding a way to make our own thing work instead of constantly trying to keep up with the Joneses. It's easy to get caught up in the hype surrounding IBM's PC/AT announcement, but we can't let that dictate our future. We need to focus on what we do best and keep pushing forward.

Let me know when you're free to meet and discuss this further. I'm game for brainstorming some potential solutions with Gordon and the rest of the team.



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Friday, June 17, 1983 01:48 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Industry News

Dear Gordon,

I'm writing to you with a heavy heart. The news about IBM's PC/AT announcement has left me feeling sorrowful. It's like we're stuck in quicksand, sinking deeper and deeper into despair. I know we can't give up now, but it's hard not to feel defeated when the odds seem so stacked against us.

I understand your frustration and concern. You're right; we do need a radical departure from our current approach. But sometimes I wonder if we're just trying too hard to be something we're not. Can't we just...I don't know, find a way to make our own thing work instead of constantly trying to keep up with the Joneses?

Anyway, I'm available to meet whenever you'd like. Let me know when and where, and I'll be there.

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Cardiff Electric Administration


From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Friday, June 17, 1983 01:48 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Cameron Howe

Categories: Industry News

Subject: Industry News: IBM's PC/AT Announcement


Dear Debbie and Cameron,

I'm writing to express my growing unease about the recent IBM PC/AT announcement. As you know, our team has been working tirelessly to develop a competitive product, but it seems that IBM is pulling ahead at an alarming rate. Their new architecture is impressive, and I fear we may be left in the dust if we don't adapt quickly.

I've been pouring over the specs, trying to identify areas where we can innovate and gain an edge. However, every avenue I explore leads me back to the same conclusion: we need a radical departure from our current approach. I'm not sure what that means yet, but I'm convinced it involves a willingness to take calculated risks.

I'd like to schedule a meeting with you both to discuss this further and brainstorm potential solutions. My schedule is getting increasingly hectic, but I'll make time for this as it's crucial we address this situation ASAP.

Please let me know your availability, and I'll coordinate the meeting.

Gordon Clark
+1 512-555-0198
Chief Engineer, Cardiff Electric
Engineering Department
