
From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Tuesday, June 21, 1983 02:18 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Gordon Clark; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Congratulations

Hi Debbie,

Congratulations are in order? Ha! You're just trying to butter me up before making some ridiculous request, aren't you? Well, let me tell you something, Debbie. I'm not that easily swayed. But hey, I'll play along. It's been a "whirlwind of progress" indeed... for everyone but me, that is.

I've gotta say, though, it's been a real treat working with the Cardiff Electric crew. You folks are a bunch of wildcards, always keepin' me on my toes. And I gotta admit, it's been pretty fun watchin' you all figure out how to make this crazy software work.

So yeah, congratulations all around. Here's hopin' we can keep makin' some more progress and maybe even gettin' a little bit of recognition for our troubles.

Very truly yours,
Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Tuesday, June 21, 1983 02:18 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Donna Clark; Gordon Clark; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Congratulations

Dear Debbie,

Congratulations are in order? Ha! You're just trying to butter me up before making some ridiculous request, aren't you? Well, let me tell you something, Debbie. I'm not that easily swayed. But hey, I'll play along. It's been a "whirlwind of progress" indeed... for everyone but me, that is.

Very truly yours,
Yo-Yo Engberk
+1 512-555-0142
Programmer
Software Development
Cardiff Electric


From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Tuesday, June 21, 1983 02:18 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Donna Clark; Gordon Clark; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories: Congratulations

Subject: Congratulations!


Hi Larry, Donna, Gordon, and Yo-Yo,

I'm thrilled to be sending out these congratulations! It's been an amazing first quarter at Cardiff Electric, and I'm so proud of what we've accomplished together. From launching new products to crushing sales targets, it's been a whirlwind of progress.

Here's to many more victories ahead!

Best,
Debbie Malinowski
+1 512-555-0133
Secretary, Administration
Cardiff Electric
