
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Friday, June 24, 1983 03:57 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Vacation Notice

Hi Larry,

I'm not sure what kind of vacation notice Malcolm sent you, but mine was a whole lot more romantic. I mean, I've got a date with destiny, and that involves getting away from this place for a few days.

Look, I know we're all supposed to be worried about the state of our projects, but honestly, Larry, can't you just let Malcolm have his vacation? It's not like he's abandoning ship or anything. He'll make sure everything runs smoothly while he's out, and if something goes wrong, Cameron and I will handle it.

And don't even get me started on the "urgent matters" clause. Please. Like we're miracle workers or something. Newsflash: we've got our own stuff to deal with, just like Malcolm does.

Very truly yours,


From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Friday, June 24, 1983 03:57 PM
To:      Cameron Howe; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Vacation Notice

Hey Malcolm,

What's the point of giving notice if you're just going to dump all your work on me and Cameron? You know we've got our own projects to deal with, right? It's not like we're just sitting around twiddling our thumbs waiting for something to do.

And what's with the "urgent matters" clause? Like I'm some kind of miracle worker who can fix everything that goes wrong just because you're on vacation. Newsflash, Malcolm: I've got better things to do than babysit your work while you're out having fun in the sun.

Very truly yours,
Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support


From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Friday, June 24, 1983 03:57 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Cameron Howe

Categories: Vacation Notice

Subject:    Vacation Notice


Dear Larry and Cameron,

I'm writing to inform you that I'll be taking a few days off starting from Monday, August 22nd. As per our company's vacation policy, I've made sure to give ample notice to ensure a smooth transition of my tasks.

During my absence, I'll make sure to complete all outstanding work and delegate any urgent matters to my colleagues. If anything critical arises, please don't hesitate to reach out to Cameron or me (in that order). I've also left detailed notes on the projects I'm currently working on, in case you need to refer to them.

Thank you both for your understanding and support. I look forward to catching up upon my return.


Best regards,
Malcolm Levitan
Programmer, Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0182

