
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Thursday, June 30, 1983 02:32 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Yo-Yo Engberk; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Social Event

Hi Gordon,

I gotta say, I'm feeling pretty proud of myself right about now. You see, I just got back from a meeting with our sales team, and let me tell you, they're eating up everything we're doing over in engineering. I mean, these guys are like sharks when it comes to sniffing out new business opportunities.

Now, I know what you're thinking - "Ed, why are you rubbing it in my face?" Well, Gordon, it's because I'm a proud man who likes to share his successes with the world! And speaking of which, I think we should focus on building relationships and having some fun along the way, just like John Bosworth said.

But here's the thing - social events aren't just about having a good time. They're about bringing people together and fostering a sense of community within our department. And if that means we have to get creative with our party planning skills, then so be it!

Very truly yours,
Ed Burris
Project Manager, Cardiff Electric, Project Management


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, June 30, 1983 02:32 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Yo-Yo Engberk; Ed Burris; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Social Event

Hi Gordon,

I'm not sure what kind of sorcery you're using to manage these social events, but whatever it is, it's clearly not working. I'm tired of being treated like an afterthought every time we have a company function. Newsflash: sales doesn't just mean making deals; it means building relationships and having some damn fun along the way.

The engineering team might be the backbone of Cardiff Electric, but Sales is the heart that pumps life into this place. Without us, you'd be stuck with nothing but a bunch of dusty servers and frustrated IT guys. So maybe instead of demanding more "inclusive" social events, you should focus on making sure everyone has a good time.



From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Thursday, June 30, 1983 02:32 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Yo-Yo Engberk; Ed Burris; John Bosworth

Categories: Social Event

Subject: Unacceptable Social Event Planning


Dear Barry, Yo-Yo, Ed, and John,

I am writing to express my extreme disappointment and frustration with the current state of social event planning within our department. It has come to my attention that the upcoming company picnic has been relegated to a low-priority status, with little consideration given to the engineering team's involvement.

As Chief Engineer, I find it unacceptable that we are being treated like an afterthought in these matters. Our department is the backbone of Cardiff Electric, and our contributions should be recognized and valued.

I demand a more inclusive and thoughtful approach to social event planning, taking into account the unique needs and schedules of engineers. We will not be ignored.

Sincerely,
Gordon Clark
Chief Engineer, Engineering Department
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0198
