
From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Thursday, June 30, 1983 03:39 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Personal Update

Dear Cameron,

I'm not sure what's got you all revved up about "innovative coding techniques" and "leveling up," but around here, we're just trying to keep our heads above water. I mean, don't get me wrong, I love a good challenge as much as the next guy, but sometimes I think we forget that Cardiff Electric is still just a company trying to make a buck.

I've been feeling pretty isolated lately, stuck in my own little world of sales and numbers. It's hard for me to connect with what you're all talking about when it seems like it's not about making a profit or moving units.

But hey, I'm always down to brainstorm if you think that's what it takes to get us out of this funk. Just don't expect me to be all fired up about it, okay?

Very truly yours,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
+1 512-555-0179
Cardiff Electric
Sales


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Thursday, June 30, 1983 03:39 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; John Bosworth; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Personal Update

Hi Cameron,

I'm reading this and all I can think about is how we're still stuck in neutral. You want to level up? I want to level up too, but it seems like every time we try to make a move, something gets in the way. I'm not sure what kind of "innovative coding techniques" you're talking about, but if they can actually get us somewhere, I'm all ears.

Look, Cameron, I know you think you're some kind of visionary, but at the end of the day, we're still just trying to make a living here. You want to shake things up? Fine. But don't expect me to be all smiles about it. I'll talk to Gordon and John, see if they've got any ideas. Maybe something will come together.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager
+1 512-555-0132
Product Management
Cardiff Electric


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Thursday, June 30, 1983 03:39 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Gordon Clark; John Bosworth

Categories: Personal Update

Subject:    Time to Level Up!

Dear Joe, Gordon, John,

I'm writing to give you a personal update. I've been thinking a lot about our project goals and I'm feeling restless. It's time for us to push the boundaries again. I want to propose some new ideas that can take our work to the next level.

I've been experimenting with some innovative coding techniques and I think they could revolutionize our approach. I'd love to discuss this further with you all and get your thoughts on how we can make it happen.

Let's schedule a meeting soon to brainstorm and explore the possibilities.

Best,
Cameron Howe
Lead Software Developer, Cardiff Electric
Software Development Department
+1 512-555-0147

