
From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Friday, July 01, 1983 01:27 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Donna Clark

Categories:    Training and Development

Dear Gordon,

I'm glad to hear that you're feeling frustrated - sometimes that's exactly what we need to shake things up around here. I agree with you that our training and development initiatives could use a refresh, and I love your idea of having a brainstorming session to discuss how we can improve our processes and support each other better.

In fact, I've been thinking along similar lines lately. As someone who's been with Cardiff Electric for over five years now, I feel like we're due for a bit of a reboot. We've made some amazing progress, but I think we can do even more if we take the time to really think about what we need to move forward.

Let me know when you're free and we can schedule that brainstorming session. I'm looking forward to hearing your ideas and working together to make some positive changes around here.



From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Friday, July 01, 1983 01:27 PM
To:      Joe MacMillan; Donna Clark

Categories:    Training and Development

Hi Donna,

I'm writing to you today as a frustrated man. Frustrated because, quite frankly, we've been stuck in neutral for far too long around here. And I think our training and development initiatives are a perfect example of that.

Don't get me wrong, I love the idea of a group brainstorming session to discuss how we can improve our processes and support each other better. But let's be real, Donna - if we're going to do this, we need to make some real changes around here. We can't just keep tweaking the same old approaches and expect different results.

I'd love to join you for that brainstorming session next Wednesday afternoon. In fact, I think it's long overdue that we start talking about what we really need to improve our team's performance. And maybe, just maybe, we can finally start moving forward around here.

Very truly yours,
Gordon Clark
+1 512-555-0198
Chief Engineer
Cardiff Electric
Engineering


From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Friday, July 01, 1983 01:27 PM
To:      Gordon Clark; Joe MacMillan

Categories: Training and Development

Subject: Training and Development Initiatives

Dear Gordon and Joe,

EMAIL BODY
I've been thinking a lot about our training and development initiatives, and how they can better support our team. As you know, I've been with Cardiff Electric for over five years now, and it's hard to believe that it's been that long since we first started working on this project. It feels like just yesterday we were fighting to get the company off the ground.

In any case, I think it's time we took a step back and assessed what we've accomplished so far. We've made significant progress, but I'm not sure we're fully leveraging our strengths as a team. I'd like to propose that we schedule some time for a group brainstorming session to discuss how we can improve our processes and support each other better.

Let me know if you're both available next Wednesday afternoon. If so, I'll send out a formal invite with more details.

Best,
Donna Clark
+1 512-555-0156
Director of Operations
Cardiff Electric
Operations

