
From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Thursday, July 07, 1983 04:40 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Ed Burris; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Internal Announcement

Dear Cameron,

I'm pumped to hear that Joe's got some big ideas brewing! I mean, we all know how much he loves a good challenge. And if there's one thing I've learned about Cardiff Electric, it's that we're always up for a fight.

Now, I don't want to get ahead of ourselves, but if we can really make this new computer a game-changer, then I'm all in. Let's make sure we're thinking outside the box and not just trying to one-up IBM. We need to think about how we can use this technology to make a real difference in people's lives.

I'm looking forward to brainstorming some ideas with you and Joe soon. Let me know if there's anything specific you'd like me to focus on before we meet up.

Very truly yours,
Larry Goins
+1 512-555-0144
Support Technician, Technical Support
Cardiff Electric


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Thursday, July 07, 1983 04:40 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan; Ed Burris; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Internal Announcement

Hi Joe,

I love where your head is at. The idea of creating a new kind of computer that blows everything else out of the water excites me too. Let's make sure we don't just stop at "fast" or "more powerful," though - let's think about what kind of impact this could have on people's lives.

I'm looking forward to discussing the details with you and the team soon. In the meantime, I'd love to start brainstorming some ideas for what this new computer could do that would really change the game.

Let me know if there's anything specific you'd like me to focus on before we meet up.

Very truly yours,
Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer, Software Development
Cardiff Electric


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Thursday, July 07, 1983 04:40 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan; Ed Burris; Cameron Howe

Categories: Internal Announcement

Subject: 

A New Era in Computing


Dear Team,

Let me tell you - we're on the cusp of something massive. The IBM PC is just the beginning, and Cardiff Electric needs to be at the forefront of this revolution. I'm talking about a new kind of computer that will change the game - faster, more powerful, and more affordable than anything out there.

We need to think outside the box, folks. We can't just play catch-up with IBM; we need to create something that will make them jealous. And that's exactly what I have in mind.

Let's get together soon to discuss the details of this new project. I'll be sending out a formal proposal and agenda shortly, but for now, let's just say that I'm excited to explore this opportunity with all of you.

Best,
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager, Product Management
Cardiff Electric
