
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Friday, July 08, 1983 11:38 AM
To:      Barry Shields; Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Reminder

Dear Joe,

I'm not sure what's more alienating - your tone or your haircut. But let me tell you, your email didn't exactly get my "ablaze" started either.

You want to know why I'm using that phrase? It's because I'm trying to be enthusiastic about our project, but it seems like nobody else is on the same page as me. You're right, we don't have time for fluff, but maybe if you were a little more open-minded, you'd see that there's some real potential here.

As for your meeting suggestion, I'm not sure what you're trying to accomplish with it. Are you going to come in here and dictate how we should be working? Because let me tell you, Joe, I've been doing this job a lot longer than you have, and I know how to get things done without having some self-appointed "senior product manager" breathing down my neck.



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Friday, July 08, 1983 11:38 AM
To:      Barry Shields; Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Reminder

Hi Yo-Yo,

I'm only responding to this email because I have to, not because I want to. You're starting to sound like one of those annoying motivational speakers who think they can rally people with their pseudo-fun tone.

What's with all the "ablaze" nonsense? We're not a bunch of teenagers trying to start a garage band. And don't even get me started on the "sweet, sweet error-handling logic". You sound like a parody of a 1980s corporate hack.

Look, I'll meet with you and the others when it's necessary. But let's not pretend we're all going to have some kind of magical epiphany during this meeting. We've got work to do, Yo-Yo, and I don't have time for your fluff.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
+1 512-555-0132
Senior Product Manager, Cardiff Electric
Product Management



From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Friday, July 08, 1983 11:38 AM
To:      Barry Shields; Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan; Joe MacMillan

Categories: Reminder

Subject:    Reminder - Let's Catch Fire!

Dear Team,

EMAIL BODY

Hope you're all having a blazing start to the week! As we dive into Q2, let's not forget to keep our priorities ablaze with the new project specs. I've been digging through the code and I'm excited about the progress we're making.

Let's schedule a meeting to review our roadmap and make sure we're all aligned on the next steps. Who knows, maybe we'll even get to implement that sweet, sweet error-handling logic

Looking forward to catching up with you all soon!

