
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Wednesday, July 13, 1983 02:12 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Hi John,

I'm actually a little surprised by your reaction. I didn't expect you to downplay my accomplishment like that. It's not just about being good at math, okay? This is a personal milestone for me because it shows that I've been listening and learning, and that my hard work has paid off.

And yeah, maybe we don't all celebrate the same milestones, but that doesn't mean yours are any less valid than mine. Maybe when you're ready to celebrate your own coding breakthroughs, I'll be there to cheer you on.

As for joining me for a celebratory beer, how about this? Let's make it a little more meaningful than just drinking alone. How about we invite the whole team and have a little party? We can show off our progress, share some stories, and really celebrate what we've achieved so far.

So, what do you say?

Cheers!


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Wednesday, July 13, 1983 02:12 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Dear Cameron,

Oh, spare me the theatrics. You've cracked the code? Wow. That's not exactly a personal milestone, that's just being good at math. I mean, I'm happy for you and all, but come on, it's not like you just cured cancer or anything.

Listen, when I hit my milestones, they're things that actually matter. Like making a decent sale, or finally figuring out how to get the garage door open without having to use a sledgehammer. That's what gets me going in the morning.

So, no, I won't be joining you for a celebratory beer (or two). I've got better things to do than pat myself on the back over some code. Maybe when we're all millionaires and we can afford to take a break from counting our money, then we can celebrate. Until then, let's just keep our heads down and keep grinding.

Very truly yours,
John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales, Cardiff Electric, Sales +1 512-555-0179


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Wednesday, July 13, 1983 02:12 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; John Bosworth

Categories: Personal Milestone

Subject:    Milestone Madness


Hi Malcolm and John,

I just had to drop everything and share my excitement - I've finally cracked the code on that pesky algorithm we've been struggling with. It was a eureka moment, man! The satisfaction of watching those 1s and 0s fall into place is unbeatable.

It's like we're rewriting the rules, guys. We're not just building software, we're building something that can change the game. And I'm honored to be leading the charge on this one.

Let's catch up soon and celebrate in style - maybe over a cold beer (or two)?

