
From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Thursday, July 14, 1983 04:07 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; John Bosworth; Ed Burris; Gordon Clark; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Industry News

Dear Cameron,

I'm still trying to wrap my head around the industry's stagnation. It's like we're stuck in a rut, and I don't know if anyone has the courage to make a real change. Your email gave me some hope, though - maybe there are people out there who are willing to take risks and disrupt the status quo.

But let's be realistic, Cameron. We're not just talking about making small tweaks or incremental improvements. We're talking about revolutionizing an entire industry. And that takes guts, creativity, and a willingness to fail.

I'm not saying it can't be done. I think Cardiff Electric has the potential to be a game-changer. But we need to stop playing it safe and start thinking outside the box. We need to challenge ourselves and push each other to come up with innovative solutions.

Let's schedule that meeting soon, Cameron. I want to hear more about your ideas and see if we can find ways to work together to drive growth at Cardiff Electric.

Regards,
Joe MacMillan


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Thursday, July 14, 1983 04:07 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; John Bosworth; Ed Burris; Gordon Clark; Joe MacMillan

Categories:    Industry News

Hi Joe,

I'm feeling proud to be working at Cardiff Electric right now. The industry may be stagnant, but our team is pushing boundaries and making things happen. And that's exactly what we need - innovation, risk-taking, and a willingness to disrupt the status quo.

I think we're on the right track, Joe. We've got some amazing talent here, and I believe that with the right guidance, we can make significant strides in this market. Don't get me wrong, there are challenges ahead, but I'm confident that our team can overcome them.

Let's schedule that meeting soon to discuss further. I think it would be beneficial for us to share some of our ideas and see how we can work together to drive growth at Cardiff Electric.

Very truly yours,
Cameron Howe
Lead Software Developer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0147


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Thursday, July 14, 1983 04:07 PM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk; John Bosworth; Cameron Howe; Ed Burris; Gordon Clark

Categories: Industry News

Subject:    Industry News - A Time of Transition


Dear All,

I'm writing to you today with a mix of emotions - sadness, but also hope. As we navigate this ever-changing landscape, I'm reminded that our industry is at a crossroads. The PC market may be stagnant, but I believe we have the potential to disrupt it.

In recent weeks, I've been reflecting on the state of the industry and where Cardiff Electric fits into the grand scheme. It's clear that we can't just rest on our laurels; we need to innovate, push boundaries, and take calculated risks. The question is, are we willing to make that leap?

I'd love to hear your thoughts on this matter. Let's schedule a meeting soon to discuss further.


Best regards,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager
Cardiff Electric
Product Management
+1 512-555-0132
