
From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Thursday, July 14, 1983 10:48 AM
To:      John Bosworth; Cameron Howe

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Dear Cameron,

I must say, your message caught me off guard. I'm not used to hearing about feelings of isolation and frustration from our lead software developer. But I suppose that's what makes you a great engineer - you're willing to acknowledge when something isn't quite right.

As someone who's been in the trenches for years, I can tell you that it's normal to feel like no one gets you sometimes. But what's important is finding ways to connect with others and share your experiences. That's why I think it's great that you're reaching out to us about this. It takes courage to admit when we need help or just someone to talk to.

In my experience, it's the little things that can make a big difference. Take a walk during lunch, join us for a game of chess during our breaks, or simply take some time to chat with me and John about something other than code. You don't have to be stuck in isolation if you don't want to be.

I hope this helps, Cameron. Remember that we're all in this together.

Very truly yours,
Gordon Clark
Chief Engineer, Cardiff Electric
Engineering
+1 512-555-0198


From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Thursday, July 14, 1983 10:48 AM
To:      Gordon Clark; John Bosworth

Categories: Personal Milestone

Subject:    Isolation is a Lonely Thing


Hi Gordon and John,

I'm writing to confess that I've hit a milestone - my first six months at Cardiff Electric have flown by, and I'm starting to feel like I'm stuck in a vortex. Don't get me wrong, I love the work, but sometimes it feels like no one gets me. The coding, the scheming, the late nights spent debugging... it's all so isolating.

I know this isn't exactly what you're used to hearing from your lead software developer, but there it is. Maybe we can grab a drink or something and I can vent some of this pent-up frustration? Or maybe you have some advice on how to keep the spark alive?

Cheers,
Cameron Howe
Lead Software Developer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development
+1 512-555-0147
