
From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Thursday, July 14, 1983 10:28 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Dear Cameron,

I understand where you're coming from. It's hard not to feel a little alienated when we're finally making progress towards realizing our dreams of democratizing access to information through personal computing. But, for me, this milestone is bittersweet. On one hand, I'm thrilled that Cardiff Electric is leading the way in innovation and pushing the boundaries of what's possible. On the other hand, it's hard not to feel like we're just paving the way for someone else to swoop in and take control.

As you know, I've always been passionate about using technology to empower people. But, as we get closer to achieving that goal, it's natural to question whether we're really making a difference or just perpetuating the status quo. It's a tough pill to swallow, but maybe this is exactly what we need – a reality check.

Anyway, I wanted to share my thoughts with you. I hope you can understand where I'm coming from. It would be great to discuss this further and see if we can find some common ground.



From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Thursday, July 14, 1983 10:28 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Hi Gordon,

I'm still trying to wrap my head around the implications of successfully integrating the BIOS and firmware components. It's a big deal, no doubt about it. But as we celebrate this milestone, can't help but feel a twinge of regret. I mean, what does this really mean for us? Are we just paving the way for some faceless corporation to swoop in and take control?

Don't get me wrong, I'm happy for Cardiff Electric's success. But as someone who's always been passionate about the potential of personal computing to democratize access to information, it's hard not to feel a little disillusioned when we're so close to realizing that dream.

Very truly yours,

Cameron Howe
+1 512-555-0147
Lead Software Developer
Software Development
Cardiff Electric


From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Thursday, July 14, 1983 10:28 AM
To:      Cameron Howe; Debbie Malinowski; Ed Burris

Categories: Personal Milestone

Subject:    A New Era in Computing


Dear Cameron, Debbie, and Ed,

I am compelled to share with you a milestone that has significant implications for our work at Cardiff Electric. As we continue to push the boundaries of innovation, I believe it is essential to acknowledge and celebrate these achievements.

The IBM PC clone project has reached a critical juncture, and I am thrilled to report that our team has successfully integrated the BIOS and firmware components. This breakthrough paves the way for further advancements in personal computing and solidifies Cardiff Electric's position as a leader in the industry.

I invite you all to join me in recognizing this achievement, which represents a significant step forward in our quest to revolutionize the world of computing.


Gordon Clark
+1 512-555-0198
Chief Engineer, Engineering Department
Cardiff Electric


