
From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Monday, July 18, 1983 02:04 PM
To:      Malcolm Levitan; Debbie Malinowski; Larry Goins; John Bosworth

Categories:    Wellness Check

Hi John,

I'm feeling grateful to have received your email and to be working with such an amazing team. Your concern about our wellness check really resonates with me, and I think we're all doing a great job of pushing through the challenges.

In terms of what can help us get to the next level, I think it would be incredibly helpful if we could have some more regular check-ins and feedback sessions. Sometimes just having someone to bounce ideas off of or talk through issues with can make all the difference. I'd love to schedule some one-on-one meetings with each of you to catch up on how things are going and see what we can do to support each other.

Let me know if that sounds good to you, and we can start scheduling those sessions. In the meantime, please don't hesitate to reach out to me directly if you need anything at all.

Very truly yours,
Donna Clark
+1 512-555-0156
Director of Operations
Cardiff Electric | Operations


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Monday, July 18, 1983 02:04 PM
To:      Donna Clark; Malcolm Levitan; Debbie Malinowski; Larry Goins

Categories: Wellness Check

Subject:    Wellness Check

Dear Team,

I wanted to take a minute and touch base with each of you about our current wellness check. As we continue to push forward with our projects, I want to make sure everyone is feeling supported and motivated.

Let's be real, we've got a lot on our plates right now, but I truly believe in this team and the work we're doing. That being said, I also know that sometimes it takes a little nudge to get us over the hump. So, I want to encourage each of you to take a step back, assess where you are, and think about what we can do to help you get to the next level.

I'm here for all of you, and I want to make sure we're all working together towards our goals. If you need anything, don't hesitate to reach out.

Take care, and let's keep pushing forward!

John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales
Cardiff Electric | Sales
+1 512-555-0179

