
From:    Cameron Howe
Sent:    Tuesday, July 19, 1983 03:33 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Barry Shields; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Office Relocation

Hi Debbie,

I don't know what to say. The thought of moving our office is just too much right now. It feels like everything around me is changing and I'm stuck in the middle trying to keep up. The old space may have been dingy, but at least it was familiar.

I guess a modern facility could be nice, but I'm not sure if that's enough to lift my spirits. What I really need right now is some stability and consistency. Maybe after we get settled into the new office, things will start looking up again.

As for labeling and organizing my belongings, don't worry too much about me. Like Joe said, I'm a minimalist when it comes to office supplies. Just make sure there's a decent coffee machine in the new space and I'll be set.



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Tuesday, July 19, 1983 03:33 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Barry Shields; Cameron Howe; Debbie Malinowski

Categories:    Office Relocation

Hi Debbie,

I'm stoked to hear that we're getting a new office. It's about time we left the dingy old space behind. A modern facility will do wonders for our team's morale - and who knows, maybe it'll even inspire some innovation.

As for labeling and organizing my belongings, don't worry too much about me. I'm a minimalist when it comes to office supplies. Just make sure there's a decent coffee machine in the new space and I'll be set.

Looking forward to seeing the new digs!



From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Tuesday, July 19, 1983 03:33 PM
To:      Larry Goins; Barry Shields; Joe MacMillan; Cameron Howe

Categories: Office Relocation

Subject: Office Relocation

Dear Team,

I'm excited to announce that our office will be relocating to a new space. This change will bring us closer to our customers and provide more modern facilities for our teams.

The relocation team has worked hard to ensure a smooth transition, and we're expecting minimal disruption to our daily operations. However, I do want to emphasize the importance of labeling and organizing your belongings in preparation for the move.

Please make sure to clear out any unnecessary items from your workspace by the end of this week. Our moving crew will be in touch with you shortly to schedule a pickup time.

If you have any questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to reach out to me or our relocation team.

Best regards,
Debbie Malinowski
Secretary, Administration
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0133
