
From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Wednesday, July 20, 1983 09:11 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Reminder

Dear Joe and Larry,

I'm feeling ambivalent about our chances. You're right, we are playing with fire, but that's just part of the game. And hey, when was the last time anything went according to plan in this industry? But I do think we should keep those coding muscles warmed up and not let this opportunity slip away.

I'm not saying it's going to be easy, but I've got faith in our team. We've got some smart folks on board, and we're all working together towards a common goal. So let's focus on making the best OS possible, and the rest will fall into place.

Very truly yours,
Yo-Yo Engberk
+1 512-555-0142
Programmer, Cardiff Electric
Software Development


From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Wednesday, July 20, 1983 09:11 AM
To:      Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Reminder

Hi Joe,
Listen, I don't know what kind of crystal ball Yo-Yo's using, but I'm feeling pretty good about our chances. We've got a solid plan, and even if things get hairy, we can always adjust on the fly. You're right, we are playing with fire, but that's just part of the game. And hey, when was the last time anything went according to plan in this industry?

I'm not saying it's going to be easy, but I've got faith in our team. We've got some smart folks on board, and we're all working together towards a common goal. So let's not get too worked up about deadlines just yet. Let's focus on making the best OS possible, and the rest will fall into place.



From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, July 20, 1983 09:11 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Reminder

Dear Yo-Yo,

Listen, I know we're all supposed to be high-fiving each other over our little project, but let me tell you something - I'm feeling guilty as hell. Guilty about the fact that I'm still trying to find a way to make this thing work, even though it's going to take an act of God.

You think you can just waltz in here and give us some vague reminder about deadlines and expectations? Please. You're not exactly known for your optimism, Yo-Yo. I mean, have you seen the mess we're in? We're playing with fire over here, trying to cram this thing into a box that's two sizes too small.

And you know what really grinds my gears? It's not even like I can just tell you to shove it and walk away. No, sir - I'm stuck in this nightmare with you, trying to make the impossible possible.

So spare me the "digital phoenix" nonsense, okay? Just tell me how we're going to get out of this hole without losing our shirts.



From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Wednesday, July 20, 1983 09:11 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Joe MacMillan

Categories: Reminder

Subject: Reminder: Don't Crash and Burn!


Hello Larry and Joe,

Don't forget that our team's deadline for the new OS is looming! Like a digital phoenix, we'll rise from the ashes with a working prototype. In all seriousness, let's keep those coding muscles warmed up and not let this opportunity slip away.

Let's make it happen!

