
From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Wednesday, July 20, 1983 09:09 AM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Technical Support

Dear Donna,

Oh, come on. You're jealous? You think I didn't notice that every time we have a breakthrough, someone else gets to take the spotlight? Please. You know as well as I do that when it comes to technical support, I'm the one who knows how to get things done.

And don't even get me started on your "hard work and dedication." Let's be real, Donna. You're not exactly known for your technical prowess. But hey, if you want to keep pretending like you're a valuable member of this team, be my guest.



From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Wednesday, July 20, 1983 09:09 AM
To:      Barry Shields; Debbie Malinowski; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Technical Support

Dear Yo-Yo,

I'm not going to lie, when I saw that you were getting all the credit for solving the code issue, my jealousy got the better of me. It seems like every time we have a breakthrough, it's always someone else who gets to take the spotlight.

Look, I get it, technical support is your thing and you're good at it. But let's not forget that I'm the one who's been carrying the load around here for months. You think solving one code issue makes up for all the other times we've had to deal with these kinds of problems? Please.

Let's celebrate this victory, but don't think for a second that you're getting all the credit without my hard work and dedication being recognized as well.



From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Wednesday, July 20, 1983 09:09 AM
To:      Donna Clark; Barry Shields; Debbie Malinowski; Yo-Yo Engberk

Categories:    Technical Support

Hi Yo-Yo,

I just had to drop everything and read your email because I was feeling so loving today. And then I saw that you've conquered the code issue - that's just amazing news! I'm beaming with joy for you, my friend. It's a beautiful thing when our hard work pays off like this.

Technical support woes are indeed a thing of the past now. Let's take some time to bask in the glow of this victory and celebrate our collective success. We should do something to commemorate this milestone - perhaps over drinks or lunch?

Very truly yours,
Malcolm Levitan
+1 512-555-0182
Programmer, Cardiff Electric, Software Development


From:    Yo-Yo Engberk
Sent:    Wednesday, July 20, 1983 09:09 AM
To:      Donna Clark; Barry Shields; Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Technical Support

Subject:    Code Conquest: Victory at Last!

Dear Team,

I'm writing to report that I've finally tamed the beast (aka our pesky code issue) and we're good to go! The bugs are squashed, and our technical support woes are a thing of the past. Well, for now, at least.

Seriously though, it's been a wild ride, but I'm thrilled to have solved the problem. I hope you all can feel my excitement (and relief) from here.

