
From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Monday, July 25, 1983 01:24 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan; Barry Shields

Categories:    Industry News

Dear Donna,

Ah, finally someone gets it! You're not just reacting to the industry developments; you're thinking about the bigger picture. That's what I love about Cardiff Electric - we're a company that can adapt and evolve with the times.

And you know what? I think this IBM PCjr entry is a blessing in disguise. It means we need to get creative, take some calculated risks, and show the world what we're made of. I'm not saying we should abandon our tried-and-true methods, but it's time for us to innovate and disrupt the status quo.

You mentioned exploring new partnerships or collaborations - that's music to my ears! Let's make some noise in this industry and show everyone what Cardiff Electric is capable of. We're not just a company; we're a force to be reckoned with.

Let's get together soon to brainstorm some ideas and make it happen.

Cheers!



From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Monday, July 25, 1983 01:24 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan; Barry Shields

Categories:    Industry News

Hi Donna,

Thanks for keeping us all informed about IBM's PCjr entry. I gotta say, I'm not surprised either - we've been expecting something like this to happen eventually. But I do think you're right on the money that we need to start thinking more strategically about where Cardiff Electric wants to be in five years.

You know, I was talking to Debbie earlier today and we were both saying that it's time for us to stop just reacting to what others are doing and start taking some initiative ourselves. Maybe this is an opportunity for us to explore some new partnerships or collaborations that can help drive innovation and growth.

I'm not sure what the right answer is yet, but I do think we need to have a more open discussion about our company's future. What kind of risks are we willing to take? What kind of opportunities are we looking to seize?

Let me know if you're free to chat more about this soon.



From:    Donna Clark
Sent:    Monday, July 25, 1983 01:24 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Larry Goins; Malcolm Levitan; Barry Shields

Categories:    Industry News

Hello,

I've received Barry's warning about IBM's PCjr entry. Frankly, I'm not surprised. What does surprise me is that we're still playing catch-up with these industry developments. It's like we're stuck in a perpetual loop of reacting to others' moves instead of making our own.

Barry thinks we need to be vigilant and proactive in protecting Cardiff Electric's interests. I agree, but I think there's more to it than just being defensive. We need to start thinking about what this means for our company - not just in terms of competition, but also in terms of opportunities. What kind of partnerships or collaborations could we explore? How can we leverage this new information to drive innovation and growth?

I'm not saying I have all the answers, but I think it's time for us to start thinking more strategically about where we want Cardiff Electric to be in five years. And maybe, just maybe, that means taking a few calculated risks.

Very truly yours,

Donna Clark
+1 512-555-0156
Director of Operations
Cardiff Electric
Operations


From:    Barry Shields
Sent:    Monday, July 25, 1983 01:24 PM
To:      Debbie Malinowski; Larry Goins; Donna Clark; Malcolm Levitan

Categories: Industry News

Subject: Industry News - IBM's PCjr Entry

Dear Debbie, Larry, Donna, and Malcolm,

EMAIL START


It has come to my attention that IBM has announced its entry into the personal computer market with the release of the PCjr. As you are aware, this development may have significant implications for our industry.

In light of this news, I am compelled to caution all relevant parties to exercise extreme diligence in their dealings with potential competitors. It is imperative that we remain vigilant and proactive in protecting Cardiff Electric's interests.


Senior Counsel
Barry Shields
+1 512-555-0166
Cardiff Electric
Legal Department

