
From:    Larry Goins
Sent:    Monday, July 25, 1983 11:55 AM
To:      Ed Burris; John Bosworth; Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan; Gordon Clark

Categories:    Industry News

Hi Gordon,

I'm not sure what to make of your latest industry report. On one hand, I see what you're saying about the IBM PC clone market and how Cardiff Electric needs to be a part of that. But on the other hand, it just feels like we're trying to chase after something that's already moving away from us.

I don't know if it's just my sorrowful mood getting the best of me, but I have a hard time getting excited about all this. It feels like we're just trying to keep up with the Joneses instead of finding our own way. And what's the point of all this, anyway? Is it really worth it?

Look, I know you think I'm being negative and that I should be more optimistic. But honestly, Gordon, I just don't see how any of this is going to make a difference in the long run.

Very truly yours,
Larry Goins
Support Technician
Cardiff Electric
Technical Support
+1 512-555-0144


From:    Gordon Clark
Sent:    Monday, July 25, 1983 11:55 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Ed Burris; John Bosworth; Donna Clark; Joe MacMillan

Categories: Industry News

Subject:    IBM PC Clone Market Analysis


Hello All,

I've been pouring over the latest industry reports and I'm convinced we're on the cusp of a revolution. The IBM PC clone market is exploding, and Cardiff Electric needs to be at the forefront of this movement. We can't afford to be caught flat-footed while others are reaping the benefits.

In my analysis, I've identified key players and trends that will shape the future of personal computing. I'd like to schedule a meeting with the team to discuss my findings and explore opportunities for Cardiff Electric to capitalize on this growth.

Let's get together soon to brainstorm strategies for positioning ourselves in the market. I'm excited about the potential and believe we can make some real progress.

Best,
Gordon Clark
Chief Engineer, Engineering Department
Cardiff Electric
+1 512-555-0198
