
From:    Debbie Malinowski
Sent:    Wednesday, July 27, 1983 04:44 PM
To:      Barry Shields; John Bosworth

Categories:    Contract Negotiation

Hi John,

Oh, man, I am SO all in on taking control of this contract negotiation. I mean, we've been given a second chance and we're not going to let it slip through our fingers without a fight. I love that you're talking about building a relationship - that's exactly what we need to focus on.

I think our strategy should be centered around highlighting the value Cardiff Electric brings to the table. We're not just selling a product, we're offering a solution that will benefit Texas in the long run. And let's not forget, we've got the best people in the business working on this deal. I'm talking about our top engineers and sales team - they're the ones who are going to make or break this negotiation.

So, my plan is to dive deep into the details of the contract and find out what Texas is really looking for. Then, we can tailor our approach to meet those needs head-on. And if it doesn't feel right, we walk away. I'm not interested in making a deal just for the sake of making a deal.

Let's get to work on this, John! I'm feeling so zealous about taking control of this negotiation and I know we can make it happen.

Very truly yours,
Debbie Malinowski
Secretary, Cardiff Electric, Administration
+1 512-555-0133


From:    John Bosworth
Sent:    Wednesday, July 27, 1983 04:44 PM
To:      Barry Shields; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Contract Negotiation

Subject:    
Contract Negotiation: It's Time to Take Control


Dear Barry and Debbie,

Listen up, folks. We're at a crossroads here. Cardiff Electric has been given a second chance with that Texas contract, but we need to take control of this negotiation. I'm not talking about just making concessions left and right; I'm talking about going in there with a clear head, a solid strategy, and a willingness to walk away if it's not beneficial for us.

We've got the tech, we've got the talent, and we've got the drive. It's time to use that to our advantage. I want you both to dig deep, find out what makes this deal tick, and then come back with a plan of attack. We're not just talking about making a sale; we're talking about building a relationship.

Let's make it happen.


John Bosworth
Vice President of Sales, Cardiff Electric, Sales
+1 512-555-0179
