
From:    Ed Burris
Sent:    Wednesday, July 27, 1983 10:50 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Dear Malcolm,

I just finished reading your email and I've got to say, 16,000 lines of code is impressive. I'm not gonna lie, it makes me feel like I've been slacking off. But hey, that's what competition does, right? It gets us all fired up and motivated.

You know, I've been thinking about personal milestones a lot lately. And you know why? Because we're on the cusp of something huge at Cardiff Electric. I mean, have you seen those sales numbers? They're through the roof! We're gonna be the ones writing the code that changes the game.

So yeah, congratulations are in order. You've got every right to celebrate. Just don't get too comfortable, or you'll find yourself stuck in neutral while the rest of us are shifting into high gear.

Very truly yours,
Ed Burris
Project Manager
Cardiff Electric
Project Management


From:    Joe MacMillan
Sent:    Wednesday, July 27, 1983 10:50 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Ed Burris; Debbie Malinowski; Malcolm Levitan

Categories:    Personal Milestone

Hi Malcolm,

I don't know what to say. 16,000 lines of code? That's a lot of code. It's like... it's like trying to find a specific grain of sand on a beach that's a thousand miles long.

Listen, I'm not gonna lie. When I think about personal milestones, I get a little queasy. You know why? Because it means someone's been keeping score. And if someone's been keeping score, then what am I even doing here?

But hey, congratulations are in order. You've done something that most people can only dream of. So go ahead and celebrate. Just don't expect me to join you. I'll be over here, trying not to think about the fact that I still have a long way to go before I can say I've hit 16,000 lines of code.

Very truly yours,
Joe MacMillan
Senior Product Manager
Cardiff Electric
Product Management


From:    Malcolm Levitan
Sent:    Wednesday, July 27, 1983 10:50 AM
To:      Larry Goins; Ed Burris; Joe MacMillan; Debbie Malinowski

Categories: Personal Milestone

Subject:    Personal Milestone - 16,000 Lines of Code

Dear Larry,

I'm writing to share a personal milestone in my coding journey. As of today, I've hit 16,000 lines of code written for Cardiff Electric's software development projects. It's a small achievement, but one that fills me with optimism about the future.

To put it into perspective, here's a snippet from my latest project: 

```c
void processTransaction(char *transactionData) {
    ...
}
```

I'm looking forward to continuing this trend and contributing more meaningful code to our projects.

Best regards,
Malcolm Levitan
Programmer
Cardiff Electric
Software Development Department
+1 512-555-0182
